3	if you want to stay in la but feel like your out of the country then this is the spot! not your typical hotel!!!  they took an old hotel and gave it a facelift! staff is super friendly and helpful. pool party on sunday&#39;s. walking...more
3	we stayed at figueroa hotel on a business trip. it&#39;s clean and comfortable. not too loud considering it&#39;s in downtown la. close to restaurants, and the city life. parking is convenient ($24/day), and the hotel has a funky arabian vibe. we&#39;d go back.
3	the location of this hotel is great! right in downtown los angeles! everything is walking distance with hundreds of food outlets in the vicinity. the location itself is a bit old, they tried to decorate it to a moroccan style or something but i really...more
4	this hotel has reviews that range from great to terrible so people have obviously had very different experiences. our experience was very good indeed. rude desk staff? not at all. sure, they were busy and we had to wait a little, but they were very...more
1	the awfulness started at arrival.  the front desk attendants were rude and one of them literally ignored my husband for a full five minutes while he stood in front of him.  with no other guests waiting.  after we realized there was no hotel parking, valet...more
4	hotel figueroa is one of the most stunning and photogenic boutique hotels in downtown los angeles. built in 1925, the building retains much of its original spanish mediterranean architecture and is accentuated by a dramatic décor with rich colors and intricate patterns. elegant archways with...more
2	imagine the worst old hotel in downtown la, now imagine it has a fresh coat of paint but the original dusty old carpet. thin windows to hear plenty of city noise, window shades that allow 50% of brightness to come thru. if you come for...more
4	the longer i stayed in this hotel, the more i enjoyed its charms. i was so to warm to ot, as it is not your business hotel. it is more of an escape from a business hotel.located right across the street from la live,...more
2	the staff was very friendly and helpful. when you go in to the lobby it has a certain eclectic and interesting charm. i found the bed soft but relatively comfortable even though my preference is a firmer mattress. it is in a central location.there the...more
4	the pool is fun during the day and at night when tables are set up around the pool to create a romantic but fun atmosphere complete with the candlelight.  big and spacious common area, eye pleasing architecture.  the rooms, however, are so-so.
5	amazing service, beautiful clean room, cool nightlife right in the venue but not too loud if you don&#39;t want to partake (which we didn&#39;t one night) and stops at a suitable time :) central locations, yummy breakfast! honestly can&#39;t wait for it to re-open so...more
3	the hotel was a bit dated and dark but it&#39;s under construction now and cannot wait to go back!!! for the price i couldn&#39;t have asked for much more. the location was amazing i&#39;m from nyc and found my way to the metro rail and...more
3	i stayed by myself and i was totally creeped out. the room and hallways creeped me out so bad.  i had a room with a twin size bed that was really uncomfortable but thankfully i was so exhausted by the end of each day it...more
5	my husband and i have been staying at hotel figueroa for a couple of years now. we stay usually every anniversary, since we started dating. we decided to stay before taking off to europe for our honeymoon and then again when we got back from...more
5	good all round,nice big bed to slept in, big clean room free wifi bed was  maybe too soft but so good loved it.service was greatnice and clean nothing bad to say... close to la live / over the road, best nail salon round...more
3	i stayed here for one night as it was the meeting point for my contiki tour. some might say the rooms are outdated, while some say there&#39;s a certain boho charm. my room didn&#39;t bother me that much to be honest. there&#39;s a great bar...more
2	oh my god...well, let&#39;s start by the hotel room door: no magnetic card, but a key, and no deadbolt, just a tiny chain...as i was undressing, a staff member used her key to enter the room, without knocking, and only the chain, which almost...more
1	bad service. no replies to my e-mails regarding my visa card and the deposit fee which they still haven´t returned to me. our room was really loud, there was a dj playing almost every night. expensive breakfast.
3	this is our third stay at the fig and i&#39;d like to start by dispelling a common misperception of the hotel, which is that it&#39;s run down, which it most decidedly is not. two years ago, the place had loads of character, with lots of...more
4	sure it needs some updating in the rooms,  which will mean higher prices, so i say take it as it is.  awesome location, fun decor, clean, nice pool area, comfy beds.  it&#39;s good value!many great restaurants nearby, valet or parking lot next door.
5	i stayed here during bet awards weekend. the location is great being that it is across the street from staples center! they give government rates as well that comes with a free full breakfast . i was checked in by querida  who was very friendly...more
3	the room was clean and bed extremely comfortable.  lighting in room terrible -- they brought up extra lamps and i took the lampshades off to get more light as the light bulbs were low wattage (i also have a vision problem).  public hallways very dark....more
3	beautiful lobby, greatful for the complimentary water near reception.small pool/bar area. can&#39;t expect a large pool at this location in the city anyways. bed super soft and comfortable - maybe bring your own pillow as there were no firm pillows.no ice machine (had...more
4	this place doesn&#39;t disappoint - from the outside it looks like a throw back from the golden age of the city. the lobby is like something from casablanca. very friendly and helpful at check in and out room was huge with a good quality mattress....more
5	i was afraid that i could have made a mistake, selecting this hotel after reading some reviews.  but definitively it was a nice stay, nice service, excellent rooms.  interesting style, lot of details.  loved decoration.  the split bathroom is unusual, but not problematic at all.
4	the hotel figueroa is now our default hotel if we ever have to stay in downtown los angeles. it&#39;s conveniently located close to the stadium and grammy museum, it&#39;s inexpensive, it has an outdoor pool and patio that was never crowded while we were there,...more
5	i&#39;ve long been an admirer of the building back when it still had the botero salon design in the front. always found it to be interesting. finally grabbed the chance to do a staycation at the hotel and i never wanted to leave the hotel....more
5	this historic hotel is stylish and chic, proving that taste and hospitality are never outdated.  the rooms are tastefully decorated with a morrocan flair.  i stayed in a junior suite with a beautiful archway between the sleeping area and the television area.  the bed was...more
4	frontdesk staff, air, is a most charming/helpful customer service staff. great rooms in morrocan style very clean, very comfortable beds. superb location! definitely highly recommend for la downtown..more
1	beware.  there&#39;s a party going on every friday and saturday night until wee hours.  great if your in to that, but not when you expect to relax and maybe get some sleep for that 6am meeting the next day. lovely funky interior though.more
5	a friend of mine married here a couple of weeks ago and 90% of the guests were from out of town so we all had rooms here. where do i start??? the hotel was nothing like i&#39;ve ever stayed in before, the moroccan decor and...more
5	i kept looking for the ghost of humphrey bogart when i walked into this tres cool hotel across the street from la live.  the décor could have been a set for a 1940&#39;s movie.  the funky figaro hotel literally was a refreshing oasis tucked amongst...more
5	the hotel fig is one of the more unique hotels i&#39;ve stayed in in the us.  as you enter the lobby, it feels as though you have been transported to morocco or spain with its moorish influence.  take the plunge and pay more for the...more
3	a solid value in a great location with poolside clientele that looks like the cast of the cable show &quot;entourage.&quot; hotel figueroa is located about three long blocks from the convention center and two blocks of staples center, and is still greatly affordable. the hotel...more
2	the figueroa hotel in la ( my review).  the vintage boutique hotel would be considered a very fine hotel on the planet of tatooine. it&#39;s old world charm enhanced with a melange of human sweat and shame mixed curiously with the faint but not so...more
1	so, this is my first time writing a review of any sort. i was waiting to cool off from my bad experience that i had there a few weeks ago but i kept receiving emails from the hotel asking me to do a survey so...more
4	i like its moroccan decoration in the lobby, not that much in my room since i`m a little claustrophobic and the colors on the walls are not that friendly for me especially in the night lights.the pool bar is nice, the café place is...more
4	the hotel figueroa is a throw back to a by gone era.  the entry into the hotel is done in a moroccan/southern spanish/early californian style.  very large murals decorate the walls.  tapestries and ornate chandeliers highlight the lobby.   it is a wonderful large space to...more
4	i stayed here for one night due to seeing a concert at the staples centre which was only a 5 min walk. it&#39;s a basic hotel with very &#39;interesting decor&#39;. staff were very nice. pool area was a little oasis in the middle of concrete...more
2	i stayed with my family here while my father-in-law went to druple in the month of may 2015. i held the room with my debit card while we wait for college credit card. they reversed the payment on my card after 3 days and ended...more
4	a cool hotel with a moroccan motif that is right in the heart of downtown la. they are about to do a 17 million dollar makeover so i don&#39;t know if they will keep the same vibe. friendly staff. nice outdoor bar by the pool....more
4	in la for a week long conference at the convention center.  figueroa was on the list of provided hotels and the pics for lobby, pool, and room do it justice.  room was adequate size for one person, the bed and linens were very nice, the...more
1	the room looks fine, cleanliness okay, but the noise here is the real problem. it was unbearable. i can sleep through a lot but the street noise here is ridiculous and the fridge was noisy (with no obvious way to switch it off). we were...more
2	booked thru priceline for the first time and we were given hotel figueroa. on reaching the hotel, kept telling ourselves, it can&#39;t be bad. right in the middle of downtown la, a business can&#39;t survive if it is not good but i guess sometimes one...more
5	i needed a place to stay last minute in downtown la and happened to stumble on a great find. the hotel figueroa is the best value for money hotel you will find in the downtown area. i think the highlight of the hotel was it&#39;s...more
3	as you enter the lobby you feel yourself being transported to a (wannabe) mexican/moroccan paradise. alas the illusion evaporates as you exit the elevator to your floor and the ambiance feels more 1960&#39;s horror flick than moroccan paradise.   fear not tho- the horror is short...more
5	we stayed 1 night, staff was very nice, good beds and such a beautiful ambience. good location, and there&#39;s a big parking just beside. there are nice places to have breakfast close by and the cafetería of the figueroa hotel is pretty good aswell.
4	i recently stayed in hotel figueroa 2 nights on separate occasions.  i loved the location; downtown, right next to la live, and an easy walk to so many restaurants, markets, coffee shops, stores, the fashion district, and more.  i also loved how unique the property...more
5	there really shouldn’t be any surprises with this wonderful hotel as even at the time of enquiring and questioning - the wonderful staff nicely, politely, honestly and candidly tell you - that the hotel had undergone some renovations but a full rehaul was due at...more
5	if you&#39;re looking for a great value, super casual, boutique hotel in downtown la - fig is it! simply, its a unique and cool hotel. staff is friendly and helpful. the hotel is probably 100 years old, which gives it character and charm. wifi was...more
4	i have visited the outdoor bar at this hotel many times.  i have always wanted to stay at the hotel fig.  for my birthday i booked a moroccan mini suite.  front desk staff were friendly but unremarkable.  room was small, quirky and fun.  bright colors....more
5	walk into another world. it&#39;s like total escape from the outside world of concrete.  welcome to the favours of spain n mexico  happy hour by the pool with the grill cookin up a storm of tacos chicken beef fish and a nice cab sav. stayed...more
3	i stayed one night in this hotel, great location since you have the grammys museum half block away and the staples center 2 blocks away. downtown is right away. this hotel has a mediterranean theme which i didnt like too much. the looby sells a...more
5	we fell in love with this place! what a gem! totally enjoyed the ambience of this historic hotel ! it feels like you are in movie exploring this lovely, beautiful charming hotel. we definitely will be back!
3	25 extra dollars for valet which is literally beside the building. poorly kept rooms and lobby, seems like its not that clean. they called my room a king, but it was actually two twin beds pushed together and they kept getting pushed apart throughout the...more
1	the hotel looks ok on the outside but was worse than a holiday inn. i would not refer this hotel to anyone unless they clean up and give people their money&#39;s worth of pay. the location is great but the service was extremely poor i...more
3	there&#39;s a fine line between quaint and shabby in an eclectic lodging like the hot fig. so it&#39;s likely your experience will be determined by how much you like or dislike this property&#39;s eccentricities. my bottom line: despite some disappointments, the fig is a considerable...more
4	stayed here with my kids and loved being central to all la has to offer.the pool was an added bonus,it has a small but lovely european charm and was easily the best we have stayed in in la for fun,quirkyness...
5	was a fabulous morroccan-themed budget friendly hotel!  clean, brand new bedding and pillows with fun and friendly front desk staff.  any questions we had they were more than happy to answer! the one gentleman printed off bus route directions on the spot!!  it is old...more
3	stayed with kids at the hotel for an event at the convention center. beautiful and unique architecture and decor in the lobby. photo worthy and a fabulous setting for an event. exotic/bohemian feel. however, the room was very old and slightly creepy. cement floor, poor...more
3	i booked hotel for the convenience.   literally across the street to la live and staples center.   the pantry restaurant is only one block away.   be aware you need to pay for parking.   rooms need updating and look like it was last updated in the 1970&#39;s....more
3	i have mixed feelings about this property. it did serve my purpose, which was to have a clean, comfortable and safe place for my child and i to sleep, without breaking the bank. if you are a hotel snob, then this hotel will never do....more
4	the hotel figuero is situated in the heart of downtown la and provides access to many cultural events. it is right next door to la live and the staples center. i stayed there while attending the grammy&#39;s and it was easy walking distance to the...more
1	pool hours are from 7:00am to 7:00pm. yes, you heard it right. after 7:00pm you cannot use the jacuzzi or the pool! why? the hotel uses the pool area for parties, music, and drinking primarily.  because they seem to have a problem understanding what their...more
4	booked this hotel on the web and was a little hesitant when i arrived. once i entered the hotel i wasn&#39;t disappointed at all. if you like things that are different than this is the place to stay. i haven&#39;t used an actual key on...more
3	the hotel was in a great location, very close to all activity and a short walk to the subway. the beds were probably the most comfortable beds i have ever slept in. when we had issues with out tv (apparently it wasn&#39;t plugged in before...more
4	i loved this hotel! the architecture and decor was so beautiful and reminded me of a long gone era. i know my review is a little late, but i&#39;ve found out the hotel is under renovation when i tried to book it again. i hope...more
4	this was an awesome classy hotel, right next to staple center and close to all of the great dining dt la, as of dec 2015 they are renovating, open end of summer 2016 i believe. the place was excellent before, so i am sure it...more
5	i can not say how wonderful the staff is at hotel figueroa, so friendly and helpful. the entrance and pool in this hotel is absolutely gorgeous, that saying it is an older hotel. the rooms could use a little work but overall they were clean...more
4	what a great location near the la convention center.  came down for a conference and this was the closest hotel at a reasonable price.  decor is moroccan themed and a bit dated (note they are closing soon for a major remodel).  staff is friendly and...more
4	its not the ritz but then again neither is the price point. we like it. its funky, has character and has a great price point. staff friendly and attentive. had a problem w/ valet parking and they quickly dealt w/ it. room clean and comfortable....more
3	the location of this hotel is perfect for those attending staples and la convention center. my room has been big and clean. the staff are helpful. the hotel is old and you can easy notice that it need some renovations.more
4	i choose the figueroa because of its proximity to the staples cente for the ncaa sweet sixteen and the fact the name brands were all booked. built in 1926 ths historic downtown hotel has been redecorated and updated enhancing rather than taking from its early...more
5	
3	this hotel is good, its not great but is in a good location downtown near the staples centre.rooms are a little tired, need a refurb.pool area downstairs is nice, has a good bar and is quite a nice place to relax. deck chairs...more
5	
5	this is a must stay when in la, 1230-1234 have a veiw of the hollywood sign, this is the top floor and i would guess several of the top floors would, beds are wonderful!!!!, we stayed in 1231, water pressure and temp were amazing!!!, recommend...more
4	since discovering trip advisor i&#39;m no longer staying in overpriced, behemoth, cookie cutter chain hotels. i want charm. so when i discovered this place online, i figured the lower price (within yards of the jw and ritz) was a bad sign. i was wrong. it&#39;s...more
4	cute quint mediterranean hotel close to everything.the room was nice and big. beds were comfortable. ac wasn&#39;t that great but it worked and the showers were like you were getting a pressure wash. so much water. nice, but for california trying to conserve on water...more
5	this place is the bomb.  i&#39;m a big critic, but have no complaints, since the new management took over.  you can see how they are working hard to make your stay a memorable one.  the front office staff are friendly and competent, the building is...more
3	great location, close to the staples centre and shopping malls. great atmosphere around the outdoor pool. we hung out there for taco night. noisy rooms. toilet cistern would randomly make noise all through the day &amp; night, forgot to mention this upon checkout. aircon was...more
3	poor quality of staff, mysterious credit card charges/ great location.the bad first. the staff are lethargic in how they deal with you. i emailed with a question before arrival, but i had to email three more times before i eventually got an answer. there...more
3	this once grand hotel is showing its age. i love the story of the hotel and that it has survived all these years, but its showing its rough edges.  the lobby is magnificent and clearly a remnant of the days of the roaring 20s when...more
3	the hotel is in a good location if you&#39;re looking to stay close to staples center or la live.  the bar downstairs is really nice but the service is very slow. the waitress kept forgetting our requests.  after the 4th try we just went up...more
5	first trip to los angeles and stayed at hotel figueroa for business. it&#39;s a very unique hotel and perfectly located in the heart of dtla. the staff were all very pleasant and accommodating. the room was spacious and offered up a comfortable king bed, oversized...more
5	we came here for ufc 184super close to staples center.we arrived at 10:30am and were not able to check in by 2pm.they did arrange parking for us (at a cost) so we could go on our way.we came back at 4pm,...more
5	i really like this hotel.  the staff were extremely nice and personable.the beds are to die for!!! i want to steal the pillows....lol.if you are a low key kind of person and you don&#39;t require much...this is the place to stay.close to...more
1	horrible hotel to stay! you should definetly prefer others! not safe , keep away! we&#39;ve shocked when we saw bathroom in our room cause it was too small and not clean enough as we thought! we havent tried the hotel restaurant! so we dont have...more
3	i was on a tour that had us stay here for 4 nights. good location, cute old style hotel. beds were comfortable, bathroom was good &amp; rooms were a decent size. biggest issue was the windows. you could hear every little sound outside, which is...more
5	i stayed at hotel figueroa a few days ago in their medina suite....everything from check-in to check-out was seamless...the staff were super friendly and accommodating...the front desk staff were extremely efficient and caring...had a really nice chat with robert from front desk who went out...more
4	i like this hotel because of the ambiance. the rooms are okay, but dated. if you like historic hotels with a funky vibe this is the place for you. i have stayed here on numerous business trips. it is quite convenient for access to downtown...more
4	where does being?  this is one of the funkier boutique hotels that i’ve ever stayed in.  the entire hotel has a moroccan theme that is executed on virtually every surface of every room.  the lobby has beautiful, albeit worn, custom furniture and some amazing painted...more
1	i was staying at this hotel for my contiki trip and i booked two extra nights on my own. when checking out of my contiki hotel room and checking into my accommodation that i booked separately (which took forever) i was given a room that...more
4	this is not a cookie-cutter generic hotel.  it is unusual, with a faux moorish decor.  staff was friendly and helpful, room was clean and comfortable.  outdoor pool and hot-tub just off the lobby.  pleasant stay.  convenient downtown la location.
4	travelled from the uk and really enjoyed staying at this idiosyncratic hotel. if you want bland and sanitised then there are plenty of dull expensive hotels in la. the staff were very helpful although they were having to manage some it problems. if you don&#39;t...more
5	the hotel figueroa is in a great location for downtown, la live, staples center, etc.  yes, the hotel is old in many respects.  (we understand that the hotel is going to be updated soon.)  at first, we were skeptical but ended up greatly enjoying our...more
1	this hotel was not our choice to stay in, but that of our contiki tour, although we stayed here the extra night after our tour for convenience i wish we hadn&#39;t given them a cent! we stayed in a two single bed room.for starters,...more
5	so much charm and elegance!! very affordable in comparison to mainstream hotels nearby. short walk to the staples center and restaurants, starbucks, the ritz. designated free parking ( unheard of in la) we walked to a cute breakfast spot nearby and pershing square! loved this...more
3	stayed here as it is well located in relation to staples.about the only good thing to report was the breakfast.hotel room was too hot and difficult to get a/c working correctly.needs a complete upgrademore
5	this hotel was beautiful and very elegant. it was very close to the convention center for our audition. also our view was amazing and we got and upgrade for being in the military. the bar and pool area was beautiful where we mostly had drinks...more
3	we have stayed a couple of times and for the rate downtown its actually pretty nice. the moroccan theme is cool and there are beautiful moroccan light fixtures and art every where. they recently started charging $25 a night for parking which seems unfair given...more
4	i think some of the bad reviews are a bit harsh. while this hotel certainly has a quirky vibe, it is not your typical branded box.  if you like hotels with character this would be a good choice.  you cannot beat the location and while...more
4	the location just can&#39;t be beat. it&#39;s super convenient to the staples center and other venues, and there are abundant food choices-- from spendy to affordable-- within a close, walkable radius. the rooms were really beautifully decorated, as others have noted, and everything was clean...more
3	upon stepping into the lobby, i was transported to some of the classic hotels of the past. the moroccan decor, the openess, telephones to the side, the circular settee in the middle, etc. were all very reminiscent of movies from the 40&#39;s. i half expected...more
3	we stayed at this hotel for 2 nights this month. it was a five minute walk away from the staples center and close to some good restaurants.the decor in the lobby was interesting. our room was small but it served it&#39;s purpose. we only...more
3	i really struggled with this hotel review; struggled in the sense that i went back and forth. upon checking in, very friendly staff but kind of kitsch very dated hotel. dark, not in a very cozy way.. my company had booked with one credit card,...more
2	the room we stayed in was overwhelmingly hot when we entered. it had an old heater that had no shut off valve. we had to call down to maintenance for assistance. when maintenance arrived he seemed confused as well and said he&#39;d work on it....more
4	nice huge very very red - i used to love it. it was near the centre of the city and the big company buildings that you can reach by walk.furthermore it is near the tube and markets. very nice. the pool has this indy...more
4	i rated hotel figueroa 4 star primarily because of the excellent ratio of price to value--remarkably inexpensive but clean, convenient located (downtown, close to staples center), staffed with friendly and helpful people and interestly decorated.  the rooms are on the small side and a bit...more
2	hotel is not as refurbished as one would expect. the lobby looks great. the rooms less so.our bathroom had a large  permanent stain on the tile floor. second floor- lots of street noise, especially near olympic blvd. hard to sleep with that much noise....more
3	this is an older hotel but certainly a cool / eclectic place.  the location can&#39;t be beat.  it&#39;s right across the street from la live.  you&#39;d never know it was there unless you knew to look for it.the interior is based on a moroccan...more
3	in theory, this place is great.  super kitschy moroccan themed boutique hotel.  i totally agree with other reviewers that this spot has loads more charm than a cookie-cutter marriott, but at the end of my stay, i wished i had stayed elsewhere.  eek.the rooms...more
4	hotel figueroa is not for people whose favorite hotel is the brand new box hilton by the airport. this hotel is kitschy and quirky and a whole lot of fun. the rooms are all different. the lobby is like being in old istanbul. the outdoor...more
5	spent a weekend at the &quot;fig&quot; to see a concert at the nokia center across the street.  could not have had a better experience even if we spend a million dollars!  the place needs no renovations at all.  it is perfect as this hold-out, old...more
5	personal trip to see a concert at nokia center, picked fiquero due to it&#39;s location and mediteranean type of appearance. it&#39;s an older hotel in the heart of downtown la  and has fantastic location close to nokia center, great eatery&#39;s, and subway. i read some...more
5	i stayed in the hotel for four days. the interior is lovely and colorful. the staff is exceptionally attentive and nice. the breakfast spread is reasonably cheap and good compared to places in the vicinity. would definitely recommend and come again.
3	the room was comfortable and the hotel was nice. we had never been to la before and this seemed a good location. however, downtown is pretty much deserted after dark. public transport is poor and walking is not an option. if you stay here you...more
4	we live in phoenix and often like to come to la for shows at nokia live.  we always stay at &quot;the fig&quot;, and we are always happy to come back.  in the center of all the glitz, the fig is just what we want; clean,...more
4	this is an old brick building with old, small rooms &amp; small bathrooms. even though the rooms are dated, they are clean. the inside has spanish charm decor &amp; the outside has a narrow pool with fun night time lighting. the pool patio happy hour...more
3	as others have said, styling of this hotel is amazing. enough has been said about it and its breakfast et cetera. the room ac was noisy but essential!i stayed here for a conference at the nearby convention centre, and internet access was essential for...more
1	this hotel was horrible!!! the hotel looks nothing close to the stock photos shown on the website. the hotel is beyond outdated. they have &quot;real&quot; keys instead of key cards and i will let the photos speak to the room appearance
3	old hotel about to go into remodel. cool vibe with outdoor pool bar. difficult to really explain the experience as its an old hotel with plaster walls and old decor. bed was comfortable. shower was hot. it&#39;s a unique place and will not suit all...more
3	the hotel reviews varied based on the website you went to and i should have taken that as a hint. the good news: location is really for travelers just looking for a bed and shower - not going to spend time in the room. the...more
2	built in the 1920&#39;s as a ymca, it should have stayed that way! small, cramped rooms, with horrible bathrooms and very dim lighting are the norm. the window ac was noisy, and the television kept losing signals. the restaurant at the hotel had horrible food...more
4	loved the decor in the hotel. staff were all very nice. not really pleased about the $3.50 charge for the water in the room. the inside of my room was nice. i liked the rustic/antique feel of it. bed was comfortable and just what i...more
4	awesome one of a kind building 2 blocks from the staples center. unique rooms. funky music in the lobby and bar. great down town location near several good restaurants. the bed was no &quot;heavenly bed&quot; from the westin but i slept ok. great coffee in...more
4	we originally found this hotel on tripadvisor, as we were looking for a hotel close to the staples centre.  it is truly one block away from the staples centre and one block away from &quot;the pantry cafe&quot; a downtown original classic.  this hotel has many...more
4	love the pool by the bar. good hotel and unique for dtla - a good alternative to the big chains. note that the pool isn&#39;t really a dip/lay in the sun situation - more decorative than functional (there aren&#39;t any towels or lounge chairs). overall...more
1	i&#39;d booked this hotel through hotel.com. figueroa prices did not match up to hotel.com. over charged us. staff will steal your hard earn money! managers has poor customer services! i hope this will get to the owners, that their staff are stealing their customers money,...more
3	we stayed here for a total of 5 nights at the beginning of october. overall the hotel was very clean and comfortable. we had a few incidents that have soured our overall thoughts. i had previously emailed the hotel asking if it were possible to...more
1	list of complaints: 1) broken window ac unit2) small cramped very poorly lite bathroom3) lack of iron4) walls paper thin5) blood stains on the bathroom floor6) bath tub clogged7) absolutely disgusting 8) tattered drapes9) unhelpful staff...hands down...more
1	during a roundtrip from san francisco to new york we stayed for one night in the figueroa hotel in la. this hotel was the worst of all during our roundtrip. a small room with a noisy refrigerator and an aircondition which was also very loud,...more
3	the hotel was not a top of the line. it could use clocks in the rooms and updating, but the staff was wonderful. when primetime shuttle cancelled our reservations for pickup from the hotel, they worked to find us a way to get to the...more
2	we stayed for a couple of nights in october and unfortunately i can&#39;t think of any highlights other than a comfortable bed but i can think of bits that annoyed me!firstly the rooms are small and dark and to be honest they could do...more
4	the figueroa hotel in downtown los angeles is very charming. the room the my daughter and i shared was nice. the building is an old ymca so it does show its age but it was clean and comfortable and pretty. my daughter and i stayed...more
4	the figuero is an older, 12 storey hotel situated nearby the convention center, nokia theater and staples center. if any of those places are your destination, then you might consider the fig, if budget is your concern. amenities include an on-site restaurant, where in addition...more
3	stayed 10-5/10-9 for the adobemax conferenceever watched a show where one person says they want a house with &quot;character&quot; and the other says &quot;that means old &amp; beat-up&quot;? how you respond to that will tell you if you&#39;ll like staying at this hotel. the...more
3	this hotel is quite old and unique. the pool is a cool place to hang out and have some drinks. as for the rooms they are decent but not great, the beds are good and comfortable. as for the other amenities in the room i...more
4	i reviewed the figueroa in 2013 but i recently returned.  i heard there were new owners so i wanted to check it out.  still the same unusual rooms, friendly service at the front desk.  it was a very hot day, but the old-school window-mounted air...more
3	i did rather like the uniqueness of this place, the downstairs is pretty nice and the pool area is great. the rooms are in need of a little update, my room/bed was quite small and the bathroom could do with a revamp which seemed to...more
2	older hotel has not been remodeled in 40 years.has att wifi that blocks you from connecting to your own hot spots.still has sd tvs.charges marriot prices.old fashioned keyed locks.no air conditioning in hallways. parking is 25 dollars extra for a...more
4	i just completed a 4 night stay at the figueroa.  it was easy walking distance to the convention center.  when i first arrived they were filming a scene from a movie in the lobby - it really felt like la.  but once past the film...more
4	i loved what i was able to experience at this hotel staff was nice - environment was chill and the location was great and there is a 24hr cafe on the corner - plus everything else you would want only thing that would make it...more
5	you cannot beat the location of figueroa hotel.  right across the street for la live, nokia theater and the staples center.  you are positioned right in the center of all the action.  i found the hotel to be a pleasant departure from the norm.  it...more
5	this is my new la home.  my daughter attends usc and i have stayed in several hotels in the area.  this is it for me.  if you love the extraordinary, the unique, and magical experiences...then this is the place for you.  the decor is truly...more
5	awesome moroccan theme throughout the hotel. very fun and reminds me of being at disneyland. our room was fantastic but another room our friends stayed in was not as themed-out so it seems to be hit or miss on the rooms. older building with no...more
4	if you have no choice but to stay in this hotel don&#39;t let them put you in room 1134. we spent two days in that room en it was hell. above our room was the icecube machine that made so much noise that sleeping was...more
4	i&#39;ve stayed at the figueroa several times, the the moroccan theming. this visit the wifi was no longer included in the price that was disappointing. the hotel is perfect for anyone wanting to stay near la live. the bathroom are on the small side but...more
4	we stayed here for 4 nights. the hotel is conveniently located in a neighborhood with a lot of restaurants and bars. the hotel has a parking and a very nice pool and jacuzzi. it’s very charming with an unique style. it’s probably good to know...more
4	spent 2 nights here last week for my niece&#39;s wedding. the decor was amazing, its too bad they were getting ready to renovate it. bed was comfy but our room was quite small. saw many other rooms that were a bit larger for the same...more
5	another great stay for us at the figueroa...sally just loves it....the trolls that review this place negatively belong at applebees,walmart and the sheraton....this is a unique place and should be appreciated for what it is....an older hotel with class and charmand individual attention....i read...more
3	hotel is very unique compared to many other hotels. it is moroccon theme and some families with children may not particularly like the walkways to the rooms, it&#39;s a little bit scary at night cause its dark. rooms were fairly big, breakfast was small, dinner...more
4	i didn&#39;t stay here but i spent a lot of time in the bar/pool area.  it was a beautiful oasis after sitting in the convention center all day long.  you don&#39;t even realize you&#39;re in downtown l.a.  it was relaxing and calming. my friends and...more
4	we had a stop over in la for 5 days and wanted something cheap as we wanted to do the tourist bit and have a look at la. this hotel was just the job, the decoration is amazing and i think most of the stuff...more
4	i took my children here as it looked like a fun place to stay and it had some great looking pictures on their web page.the hotel is situated in downtown la just down from the staples and nokia centres.it has a lovely swimming oil...more
1	this place is something else - they do everything old school - real keys (not swipe cards) no computer - no email confirmation. the rooms have no iron, no alarm clock, no cups or coffee pot in the rooms.  not good for a business trip...more
4	my girlfriend and i stayed here for one night. the check in was easy and the staff were accomodating and friendly. i choose this hotel because it had pretty good reviews and being dtla i didn&#39;t want to get stuck in another roach motel like...more
2	the hotel rooms are very small and have very little technology in the room. the tv is from the late 90&#39;s and the hvac equipment is ancient. wireless isn&#39;t complimentary and the dining area is mediocre. the only positive is that it&#39;s very easy to...more
4	spotlessly clean and very convenient for thee la convention center, staples center etc, this is a moroccan theme property with cool vibe public areas.   small pool (with no loungers).  i stayed on business june &#39;14 and my party took seven rooms - most were happy...more
4	we had attended a party at this hotel about a year ago, and wanted to return to spend a night. rooms are tastefully decorated in a &quot;morrocan&quot; motif, (as well as the public areas), and no complaints here except the noise at night- i think...more
5	stayed her a couple nights in may after 7 weeks traveling across the us. good value for money. really big room with two closets for his and hers clothes! big comfortable bed. the pool was great as it was hot during our stay, so it...more
4	we decided to have a small staycation for the holiday weekend, and loved our home away from home! we were surprised to find a refrigerator in our room, and were thrilled with the funky moroccan decor! the staff were very friendly, the pool was a...more
3	well, after reading all the reviews i was looking forward to stay for 2 nights at this place.check in was fast, went out to the room and yes, cool, funky room, super small bathroom, so my problem was not with the noise from the...more
4	nice hotel in los angeles. nice with a pool in the heat. the staff is friendly and the room is clean. ask the guy in the reception about the area where to eat and what to see. a bit noice from the street but.
3	stayed here for 3 nights because of proximity to staples centre.  great location if you&#39;re attending an event there...but not so great if you want to be close to other la action! that being said, there was a hop-on-hop-off bus stop within a block, and...more
3	this is a great charming hotel if you don&#39;t want the big luxurious chains (jw, four seasons, etc).  it is creatively decorated with lots of charm and style but keep in mind it is an older hotel.  room was spacious, bathroom was decent (nice vanity...more
3	the hotel and room a distinct vibe to it, like i just checked into a dark version of casablanca. location was great for downtown la. the room and bed were comfortable but the tv was old. it wasn&#39;t hd flat screen. average hotel that won&#39;t...more
3	the room and hotel itself had a lot of character in the structure but it was antediluvian for my taste. maybe it&#39;s just my picky nature, but the tv was old and not in hd. however, the room was clean and the bed was really...more
4	i had to participate at a pitch at a conference in downtown la and figueroa hotel turned out to be a nice choice. it&#39;s within walking distance to the conference center (less than 10 min), not expensive and the staff at the front desk was...more
4	moroccan themed hotel with a cool, funky vibe. i had a small sized room but the bathroom was huge! place was very clean and the staff very friendly and helpful. the cafe downstairs had a breakfast bar which was incredibly cheap. i was paying $6...more
4	we arrived late in the evening and were assigned to a room with 2 double full-size beds. we were not thrilled with the size of the room/bathroom, but knew we were only there to sleep. however, we upgraded the next day to 2 queen beds,...more
1	first of all you have to request a reservation which is very inconvenient…but i did because it looked like a nice hotel.  i received an email back which stated exactly…&quot;we have rooms at $148&quot;.  thats it….not a &quot;hope you can stay with us, or &quot;look...more
5	charming,clean room and bathroom......appointed w botero painting that was just fabulous. in all light fixtures,curtains and decor add up to a really pleasing and comfortable atmoshpere...very well maintained and clean...and the best bar/pool in la........breakfast bar a la carte most reasonable and delicious....as is their...more
4	we stayed here for a week while we were attending a conference booking a suite as a couple and a double queen for family travelling with us. the hotel is really different with a great atmosphere and somewhat indifferent staff. rooms are spacious and good...more
4	boyfriend and i planned a new year&#39;s eve with a laker game and yard house countdown dinner. figueroa hotel was the perfect option for location and bang for your buck. the place is different, in a fun, bohemian, quirky way in the midst of the...more
1	way in advance of my planned stay in november, i reserved in july 8 nights at this hotel. i am traveling from ny to visit my daughter who goes to school in la. i received confirmation and have been making plans for my vacation ever...more
2	if you like rooms that are small, smelly bathrooms, crappy lighting, window units for air conditioning, being able to listen to the conversations of those walking by outside because the walls are thin and the windows even thinner, then this is the place for you....more
2	the location is great if you plan to go to staples center/convention center or la live, but otherwise, there is not a huge amount to do in the near by area. the lobby of the hotel was really nice - i also really enjoyed the...more
3	the hotel location is great for business. rooms are very small and outdated. when we arrived, they couldn&#39;t find our payment confirmation and it took us some time to solve it. the hotel does not apply its own sustainability policy towards the towels reuse, changing...more
4	the location was great-walking to the conventions center, staples and la live. i was attending an event and picked the hotel based on the location. the service was prompt, wifi was strong. not sure how exactly to describe the hotel- the interior is moroccan style,...more
4	it&#39;s not a resort, it&#39;s not the ritz carlton, but it is in the middle of the action and it&#39;s clean and nicely decorated. i stayed there with my husband on a brief business trip which required us to be near japantown. we were on...more
1	we arrived to find out that our booking had been lost, despite having a reservation number. got a room anyway (unfortunately), had a shower, and the handle sprung loose from the wall. the rest of the night was a complete nightmare - in regards to...more
2	i made a reservation and was told i would receive an email confirmation. when none came i called and was told the staff was busy and it would come. then when still did not come, i called again and was rudely told they do not...more
1	having booked our stay for a 4 day fitness conference well in advance (sept 2013), thru a third party website. prior to driving 2 hrs i called to confirm my stay-was told they had no registration under my name. after getting that resolved we checked...more
5	a friend and i stayed here for a conference at the convention center last year. we enjoyed the experience so much that when this year&#39;s conference rolled around, there was no question where we would be staying. we are checking in next week and bringing...more
5	i am a national men&#39;s physique athlete, and will be competing at the la fitness expo this upcoming weekend jan 25th and 26th and will be staying at the figueroa. although i have yet to experience the hotel myself, i am compelled to comment due...more
1	have been emailing back and forward to try to book a double room but it seems uno has no idea! i thought we had a room booked but on confirming an upcoming stay was told i would need to say when we were arriving, how...more
3	i liked the figueroa hotel, but have trouble rating it above average. it has possibilities of being a destination hotel of remarkable character, but it needs some help to get there....so much so that it  i could right now only characterize it as &quot;funky&quot;. it&#39;s...more
3	hotel is very dated, but a little of the charm is there. stayed there as it was close to staples center. the price was good, especially the parking at 12 bucks. hotel is old but very clean and a swimming pool. staff were very friendly....more
2	we stayed here to be close to the staples center before a lakers game. it was miserable. the hotel is quite old and loud. in addition, i found the cleanliness questionable. finally, the staff was clearly not service-oriented as the bartender was clearly irritated when...more
3	definitely hard to review the figueroa hotel.  i think many reviews are a bit harsh, but i didn’t click with the excellent reviews either.  i landed on “average” because the hotel was just missing that je ne sais quoi.  there were certainly pros, but all...more
4	we stayed at figueroa hotel for four nights in mid december and had a great experience. to be honest we were a little worried when after emailing to say we&#39;d like to make use of the car park we got the response &#39;sounds good. note...more
5	i love this hotel! i dreamt to stay here and to make it even more magical i was upgraded by uno the charming owner. it&#39;s unique and wonderfully and tastefully decorated. transformed from a former ymca, it shows little or no signs of age, but...more
4	we definitely enjoyed staying at the figueroa hotel!  its located in the downtown la area, walking distance to many restaurants in la live and shopping area.  the staff were friendly and professional.  the hotel lobby is very welcoming with statues, dim lights and comfortable sitting...more
5	my husband and i stayed again at the unique downtown la figueroa hotel. we enjoyed our stay last april so much, we have been trying to think of an excuse to come back. we found one when we saw the moody blues were playing at...more
4	my husband and i have season tickets to the music center and we stay in downtown la 4 to 5 times a year. we usually stay at the hilton checkers when in town. we decided to stay at the figueroa hotel for something different.  it’s...more
4	i just returned from a trip to attend a conference at the la convention center, and decided to eschew the convention hotels (ritz, marriott, luxe) and stay at the figueroa.  i was glad i did.  this is a neat and funky place, with an abundance...more
5	this place is fabulous. from the uninspiring outside, showing a hint of north africa, you might be eager to discover what awaits you within. or you might shy away because it is not all new and shiny like the adjacent jw marriott. if you do...more
5	just got back from a 2 night overnight where we stayed at the hotel fig. we were in town for parents weekend at usc and wanted something that was close by the school but also had some personality. if in town to experience the downtown...more
5	we stayed at this hotel recently as we were going to the staples centre. we were in 2 minds about choosing the hotel as some of the reviews on trip advisor were quite negative, but we decided that it sounded too interesting to miss, and...more
4	stayed at the figueroa hotel for a conference in l.a.  i&#39;ll be honest, i was nervous before hand and when i first arrived as it is not a new, modern hotel like the jw marriott, where some of the other conference guests were staying.  when...more
5	i was looking for something &#39;outside the square&#39; and this hotel was recommended. we loved it. it is old, yet classic and very clean. it feels like you are stepping into some ancient moroccan inn, the moment you open that door. from the outside you...more
4	we recently celebrated my husband&#39;s birthday at the poolside patio of this hotel and had a great time.  the staff were very helpful and all of our friends raved about how charming this place is.  the hotel rooms were small, but cozy and clean.
5	if you want to stay in a chain hotel and pay double and treble the price go ahead! i have travelled all over the world and stopped in a tonne of hotels so i feel qualified to say this is a great independently owned hotel...more
5	located just down the street from the staples center, in the heart of bustling downtown los angeles, is another world.  no... quite literally. the hotel figueroa, or &quot;the fig&quot;, as the locals call it, is an oasis from the sights, sounds, and even the smells...more
5	walk into a world of magic...but be forewarned, do not choose the “fig” if you are looking for a modernized, contemporary 5 star las vegas-style hotel. the fig is its very own kind. you may find something similar if you travel to morocco, mexico or...more
4	i&#39;ve stayed at figueroa hotel in la a few times and i will be back. first, it&#39;s a very cool property that&#39;s totally different than anything else. it is also a safe walking distance to the staples convention center. it&#39;s ecliptic, it&#39;s artistic, a fair...more
5	great ambiance in well appointed rooms at a very fair price....coolest bar/pool and la and amazing breakfast...eggs,bacon,potatoes,roll,coffee -all great and a whoppiing $5!...proabably the best restaurant value in la.....the owner is onsight and is a wonderful,caring man..i recommend this hotel for anyone visiting la..love staying...more
4	you have to go into hotel figueroa and drop all comparisons with hiltons and marriotts. that&#39;s not what staying in this hotel is about. we love this hotel, it is like escaping to morocco while sleeping in downtown la. tile on everything, odd but very...more
2	i am sure for some travelers, the figueroa might be a good experience, but coming from typically staying at 4 &amp; 5 star hotels, it did not live up to my expectations. i live in la and had always wanted to check it out because...more
5	great value hotel in the centre of la. convenient location. criticism in some reviews seems due to the hotel being run down, personally i consider it to have character, it is moroccan themed with a  weathered look and i loved it. i asked for a...more
3	i stayed at the figueroa hotel for the e3 event in la, and the location was superb - extremely close to la live and the convention center. this is certainly an aged establishment and it shows, but the hotel is maintained well and i absolutely...more
4	this is an offbeat place on a moorish theme, run by indians (i think) in downtown la.  it&#39;s fun and atmospheric, but not for the luxury traveler.  fun pool area, rooms are good with nice linens, and quiet.  breakfast is excellent and inexpensive.  the staff...more
5	i loved it. charming! elegant! old! beautifully redone, very creatively! we live in l.a and wanted a weekend away, but didnt want to leave town.  pool bar is to die for. its called ricsk place. it&#39;s old and small and the wait staff dresses in...more
5	i absolutely love this hotel. from the moment you walk in, past the pool and into the lobby, it&#39;s like a moroccan oasis in downtown los angeles. the parking was very convenient, the man at the front desk who checked us in was very polite...more
4	okay, people, the figueroa hotel is in a 1930&#39;s buidling that used to be a ymca in a former life?  so you need to be forgiving that it has window air conditioners, older plumbing, and a smaller layout.  if you want a hotel that has...more
2	this hotel is old and run down. it is in a great location and more affordable than the marriott across the street, which is why we chose this hotel. i wish we would have shelled out the money for the marriott instead. the hotel is...more
4	tourist class hotelseveral days ago i wrote a review, uno answered in hisvery own way and i start to brood over what he said andstarted a little investigation.it is not easy to write a review about the fig...it&#39;s all about...more
1	before you read my review, look at others (good &amp; bad) and just see how rude and arrogant the owner of the hotel is in his reply to customers... and i haven&#39;t even met him/her!!!before i start, we phoned the hotel in may before...more
4	before staying here, we researched it and knew what to expect. cheap by la standards. in the best location for la events and downtown sight seeing. ok its a 1930&#39;s building. cement floors in our room, bring your slippers. small bathroom. we had a window...more
1	don&#39;t stay here! simple! its cheap but that&#39;s it! no kettle..iron.. hairdryer.. no air con.. noise was obscene even from 10 floors up.. got the impression being a gay couple was a big problem! hated every minute couldn&#39;t wait to leave!! don&#39;t be fooled by...more
5	i really liked this hotel.  i was staying with a friend and we are both in our mid 20&#39;s.  we loved that this was like a destination or attraction in itself.  i love that there was so much care and thought put into each and...more
5	i love this hotel....yes it&#39;s a revamped ymca,but creatively appointed and clean rooms,great snack bar and awesome bar/pool area make this a sleeper hit in la...mr uno is a gracious and caring host..highly recommend.more
1	no alarm clock in room, no iron, no coffee pot, concrete floor with a animal hide for a rug.  single pane glass in windows, sounded like birds were chirping in the room.  painted very dark colors limited lighting.  was there for a convention.  wonderful location...more
4	beautiful interior, close to nokia theater etc. old hotel, but they made it charming and the bar by the pool is very charming. very serene when i was there. perfect for a romantic evening (wich i had)!biggest letdown is the 5$/24 hours of internet....more
3	stayed here with my family for vacation and have a lot to say about this wonderful property.it is excellent in all terms rooms, cleanliness, staff and location. décor of the building looked modern and new. amenities are abundant and the welcoming nature of the staff...more
5	i don&#39;t even know where to start for this fabulous hotel!  it is surely not your regular &quot;cookie cutter&quot; hotel...it is fun and funky!  the pool area was great, as was the bar~  when walking into hotel, it is like being transported to another country!...more
5	a visit to the casba.  we were in la the past three nights for our daughter&#39;s graduation from usc.  she told us to check out this hotel.  we are certainly glad she did.  as previous reviews, it is like visiting a foreign country, not only...more
5	i live in newport, only about an hour drive without traffic to la. however, when i go to la for a show or an event, i like to stay there to make sure that i don&#39;t get stuck in la traffic going home; and instead,...more
2	beautiful pool and lobby upon entering, but it went downhill fast. parking was a tremendous challenge. we barely got into the last spot available...and it left our vehicle vulnerable to getting smacked.   the room did not have enough light or space and there was no...more
4	hotel figueroa or &#39;hotel fig&#39; is situated in downtown la. location isn&#39;t bad, not a huge amount to do in the near by area. there are a few resturants near by and some attractions but this is la so be prepared to uber (cab) it...more
5	this was a fun place to stay. great location next to microsoft theatre, staples center, and a bunch of food places. loved the area where i ate fresh-made tacos and drank at poolside. my room was uniquely decorated with a super comfy bed! prepare to...more
2	hotel is in a great location and the lobby and pool area are definitely unique and charming. you are close to the staples center convention center and la night life. the room i stayed in however was super creepy and i did not sleep for...more
2	before you stay here, it&#39;s critical you understand what the hotel figueroa is and what it is not.the hotel figueroa is not the shiny, new jw marriott across the street at la live.  this place was built when the dinosaurs were falling into the...more
3	more
5	i wasn&#39;t sure about staying here, but my wife was adamant that we were staying there. i&#39;m glad she was because the hotel was wonderful. the decor when you walk in makes you feel like you&#39;ve entered another country. the room was older, but with...more
3	the fig is not a cookie cutter hotel... but it is a fun, funky, affordable place in downtown la.  location is an easy walk to staples center and la live. staff is friendly, decor is fun, place is clean, beds are comfortable.  were told at...more
5	loved staying here. perfect antidote to franchise hotel blandness. great value.  conveniently located near lots of restaurants, a supermarket, and la live, if that&#39;s your thing. about 2-3 miles from disney cocert hall, alvera st, spring street. lots to do nearby. i travel to la...more
5	i has misgiving when i read the reviews at trip advisor. they were either ok or not great. i loved it. the lobby is really funky and so is the room. the air condition and tv are old but they work. the room and bathroom...more
3	the decor is exquisite and has a real ambiance. unfortunately the food is terrible. i was expecting something at least edible and tasty. the menu is a sum total of 4 dishes that are tasteless and oily. what a pitymore
5	this is a fantastic hotel with very friendly staff and great service. we arrived several hours before normal check in and they got us into a room right away.  upon arrival we felt like we had gone back in time. our whole mood changed as...more
4	unique décor will amaze you. the moment you enter, this hotel will take you to morocco/spain or middle east. the service is good. unforgettable moments...good location at downtown la.we had also a great party at the lounge/bar.more
5	very nice hotel! lovely swimming pool, nice breakfast, great ambiance. the location was not perfect, but by car it was no problem to reach all the la sightseeing locations. would love to return one day. we stayed here in july 2007.more
4	not much to look at from the outside. this hotel is a hidden gem among the large corporate hotel chains in downtown  la.  the whole interior is a kaleidoscope of spanish/moorish fittings, furnishings and designs.  almost every door and wall is  a hand painted piece...more
4	this is such a unique hotel, and its close vicinity to the staples center is a huge bonus because you can leave your car behind and walk to the center. we absolutely loved the atmosphere of this place and walked around just to explore the...more
5	my husband and i stayed at the figueroa hotel this past saturday night. we are native angelenos who have lived in the suberbs of alta loma for over 30 years. we decided to take in a la kings hockey game and check out la live...more
4	this older hotel was convenient to staples center/la live.  room was very moroccan inspired. bed was very comfortable.  bathroom very small but clean and the shower had good water pressure. (was in a 3rd floor room) tv only had 13 cable stations but wasn&#39;t a...more
4	a moroccan fantasy, with lots of authentic 1920s touches, from the tiles to the furniture to the lights.  colorfully painted hallways.  my room had a botero-inspired mural.  bed was good and bathroom had been updated.  congenial staff.  great location half a block from staple center;...more
3	we came here from san diego to go sightseeing. one of the reasons we picked this hotel was the pictures of the pool and jacuzzi at night. we checked in at 7:30 and like all the pool &amp; jacuzzi hours are 7 am to 7...more
5	i loved this place.  but don&#39;t go there if you want plush towels and a flat screen tv.  you can get that next door at the ritz carlton but i paid around 1200 for a 7 day stay and the ritz price is 2000 for...more
4	i was in la for a conference and figueroa hotel was one of the conference hotels.  when i read about the hotel (on ta) and visited their website i thought it was the type of place i would enjoy,  an old-school, character hotel.as i...more
3	where to start? this place is quite unlike anywhere else i have ever stayed. the sheer scale of the lobby impresses (railway station concourse comes to mind) before one even looks at the (aztec-inspired?) decorations which surround one everywhere. reception was friendly. room large but...more
5	i recently stayed here for seven nights on a business trip and was very impressed with what this hotel had to offer. if you are used to staying in marriott, hyatt, or westin hotels this will certainly be a different experience for you. the very...more
4	go here for the moroccan vibe... and dont expect anything like a 4 star hotel. the rooms could have been more modernized, included more amenities, a nice restaurant (and room service) could all be added and still kept the theme, but maybe not at the...more
4	hotel:  lots of personality!  do not stay here if you&#39;re expecting a room like the jw marriott.  the rooms are spacious and clean and my room had a mini fridge and a hair dryer.  there wasn&#39;t an ironing board in the room, but if you...more
1	the people are useless!! the hotel in no way looks like the photos they show you and it is in a slightly shady part of town. you don’t feel very safe. i had 2 packages that were supposed to be picked up from the front...more
5	love love love love did i say i love this place? hotel figueroa is the feast for the eyes with a great staff and superb management. it&#39;s not for everyone. it&#39;s not a chrome and glass tower but rather a moroccan style casbah with a...more
4	i stayed at the figueroa last year and thought it was wonderfully quirky. a small oasis where you least expect it, every inch of the figueroa is decorated. the rooms are quite funny and comfortable. to be honest, it was surreal, but in a very...more
3	i chose the fig for the zumba conference knowing full well this was an older establishment and completely expected the quirky charm that i found.  it was extremely convenient for walking to the convention center and there is a ralph&#39;s grocery market two blocks away...more
4	i had the opportunity to stay at this hotel some time back but opted against it because i just wasn&#39;t sure of it. this time my assistant booked me in the host hotel for a convention i was attending and i didn&#39;t realize it was...more
4	when you enter the hotel you discover it is not your usual chain. the reception area, pool and restaurant area have an exotic feeling. the staff was helpful and informative.the bar is small cozy and inviting.  i loved the restaurant staff who were very welcoming....more
4	with over 3000 excited and colorful zumba instructors in town, downtown la is gonna get wild! i&#39;m a &quot;newbie&quot; which means this will be my first zumba conference. most everyone i know will be staying at the jw. first off, i love love love &quot;mom...more
4	this is a nice change from your standard cookie-cutter hotel.  the lobby, bar, and rooms are like something out of an albert camus story in 1940s north africa.  i usually could care less about the way a hotel room is decorated, but the dark red...more
3	i travel a lot for business, spending about 50 nights last year in your typically efficient corporate box hotels.  so, when we had the chance to stay in a place that was out of the ordinary, i was excited.  and - the fig is not...more
3	if you need to be near la live or convention center, this is amazing location and fair price.  the decor and vibe and not describable!  retro and archaic while very clean.  staff were ok and parking was real convenient.  drinks were good value with several...more
4	really liked this place.  great, simple, warm furnishings and decor.  lovely, simple pool and bar out back (will try next time).  super close to metro and staples center, etc.  front-desk staff was friendly and efficient.  comfortable bed.  only suggestions would be improved bolt lock on...more
4	i work in the music industry and have been coming to the fig for the past few years as a base of operations for my weeklong stay for the grammy awards next door. so i&#39;m here for both fun and business. i&#39;ve stayed in the...more
3	i love the hotel but can&#39;t ignore the beeping from backing machinery nearby.  no fault of the hotel i understand but for business travelers it certainly must be a consideration. it&#39;s 2:35 a.m. and i&#39;m awake because even turning on the heater to drown out...more
4	we spent three nights at the figueroa in october 2012.  in a city as big as la, choosing the right place to stay can seem daunting, but we are glad we chose this hotel. it is right at the heart of downtown, spitting distance to...more
5	i first reviewed this hotel in april 2012 and wrote about the key differences between it and our other favorite hotel, the standard. here is the link:http://www.tripadvisor.com/hotel_review-g32655-d124956-reviews-figueroa_hotel-los_angeles_california.htmli stayed here again in dec i want to cover a few things i didn&#39;t mention before....more
3	this hotel was reasonably priced and super-close to the convention center.  the decor was an interesting, unique moroccan theme, and the party/gathering space in the basement was fairly awesome for our convention party.  beyond that though, there&#39;s not that much good to say.  rooms were...more
2	pro: close to the convention center (if you are attending a convention); decent bed.con: this is the first time in my 30 years of travel that i have encountered a concrete floor in my bedroom (albeit there was a small throw rug on the...more
4	we weren&#39;t quite sure what to expect when we made reservations here.   the staff was very accommodating and friendly. walking in this hotel took my breath away - in a good way.  i felt as though i was in another country.  the moroccan style was...more
4	pros:- really hip ambiance. it truly does give you a moroccan feel.- patrons seemed diverse and interesting- parking is only $12 with in and out privileges cons:- i was not excited to have to make my reservation by sending uno my...more
5	we stayed here for the o you! conference.  we didn’t know what to expect from this hotel as we had read the mixed reviews.  we had an amazing stay.  i can’t say enough how accommodating and friendly the staff was.  the rooms were very clean,...more
2	others gave rave reviews and web site photos looked great. however, when a hotel says it used to be a ywca, then you need to take heed. yes, the folks at the desk were nice and i didn&#39;t meet uno but i&#39;m sure he&#39;s nice...more
5	staff has been very accomodating in regards to our wishes.  we are eloping and have chose a stay-in-the-city hotel with character as our abode for our first few nights as a married couple!!!looking forward to the stay!!!
5	forget your ideas about the typical hotel and open your mind to a whole new experience at the figueroa hotel.  the decor will delight your visual senses once you open your mind to embrace it&#39;s uniqueness in every way.  i will tell you that on...more
5	i stayed at the fig for the same nursing convention the previous reviewer mentioned. my experience was quiet different. i wasn&#39;t expecting much because i had been in contact with uno prior to my stay. he made it very clear that this wasn&#39;t a &quot;fancy&quot;...more
2	the pictures we took look fun, as the colors and lighting they chose seem to make really good digital pics.  hats off to the decorators who have done something exceptional with not much to work with.  i like a quiet room. you will not find...more
5	well, i haven&#39;t been there yet, but i asked some questions via email and got a prompt reply.  i&#39;m impressed already.i have looked at many websites and read lots of reviews and viewed many pix of the hotel.  we are headed to the figueroa...more
5	my group and i loved staying at the figueroa. our experience was unlike any other when we have attended conventions. i am a jaded new yorker, whose been fortunate enough to travel the world. the figueroa hotel made my staff and me feel as though...more
4	we stopped for a few nights in la on our way to french polyneisa for our honeymoon. we picked figueroa hotel as it looks like it has a soul and boy we did right. this place is a gem and you can easily forget you...more
5	it&#39;s a destination within a destination.  so close to staples, lalive, nokia and endless restaurants and entertainment.  but when my sister and i stayed there in june, we didn&#39;t venture from the fig to seek out the sights until about 11 when we realized we...more
5	i stayed for almost a week last november for my la vacation. the hotel was beautiful and the staff were so pleasant and accommodating to all my questions. i am returning again in november and did not even look for another place to stay. i...more
2	no bellman, no doorman no baggage/luggage carts.  should i continue?  noisy window air conditions (2 sets of ear plugs are provided on night table)dated.slow and unsecure wifialmost $200 per night plus tax.very noisy part of town but near staples center etc....more
5	the minute you walk through the door of hotel figueroa you are transported into a different time and world...a magical one in the middle of downtown la!  the staff is beyond helpful and so friendly and fun!  my mom and i stayed one night for...more
3	the hotel is unique but definitely needs a major face lift.  seems like it hasn&#39;t been renovated since 1920. beds are ok if you like very soft beds.  rooms are very small with window air units that are ancient as well. sink isn&#39;t even in...more
4	this is a grand, historic hotel. the room was very comfortable and the staff was attentive. the bed was huge and luxurious. no tub; just a shower.  i can recommend this hotel if you can afford it and if for some reason you want to...more
3	i picked this hotel based on the photos i found online, and as far as the decor and the feel, i wasn&#39;t disappointed. tried the hotel bar the first night. it was beautiful, but the service was terribly slow. breakfast the next morning was delicious,...more
5	uno, the manager at the figueroa hotel is absolutely wonderful. you absolutely have to trust that he will come through with you and if you can, you will be in for the treat of a lifetime. he has a true grasp on how to make...more
3	this place is perfect but ...the location is really good : downtown , in front of the nokia center, the hotel has an amazing decoration , morocco is the theme and really well done : everywhere there details , from the lobby to the...more
4	my friends and i went for an evening of fun in la.  this hotel fit perfectly with our plans.  we sat for a few hours by the pool,  and enjoyed the sun and the bar. very coolbar areas around the pool.  my room was nice...more
4	our flight from las vegas was delayed that evening, so we checked in at the fig late at night.front desk was friendly, check in was a breeze.room was at the 12th floor, very quiet, clean and with two large lanterns  like a ball...more
5	my husband and i looked all over downtown l.a. for a quick weekend getaway to celebrate his b&#39;day. by some miracle, as everything was booked up we lucked out in getting the fig. i&#39;m a local los angeleno, and thought i knew everything about my...more
5	we have come to siggraph 4 30 years and have not had the chance to stay here.   this place is a gem!  if anyone has any complaints they should go somewhere else.  very clean,  everyone so so considerate and no long waits 4 the elevator&#39;s...more
4	like so many others, i booked here because of its proximity to the convention center (1 block).  i was in town for 3 nights and really just needed a clean and convenient place to crash at night.  this hotel fit the bill, without breaking the...more
5	my first review of the figueroa hotel (&quot;the figueroa hotel is to hotels what martin denny is to music&quot;) was wholly positive. i was just there again. if every little amenity is important to you, this might not be the hotel for you, although it...more
5	stayed here for a conference. the location was very convenient and the price was definitely fair. tons of places toest and get drinks nearby or relax at the pool with drinks.more
5	my sister and i stayed 4 nights at the figueroa hotel because we were attending a conference at the convention center which required long, full days. the location is absolutely unbeatable, so close to everything, safe and convenient.my sister books countless hotel reservations for...more
5	if your planning a trip to anime expo like i did, this hotel is pretty close.  i am from wisconsin and booked this hotel 1 year in advance and the person i talked to on the phone did not have a problem with that.  i...more
4	i might not be an expert but i can give my opinion. this is the first hotel i stayed at and my first impression from the outside was that this hotel had age. before that the parking was really hard to find we had to...more
3	whatever your expectations, the fig will surprise you. this treatise will help you determine if you&#39;re going to be &quot;good&quot; surprised or &quot;not good&quot; surprised. i wish i had read this before booking.1. do not book this hotel thinking you&#39;re getting a luxury boutique...more
3	stayed here in july of 2012 for four nights and got an special event rate of $108/night.frankly, this place is just plain weird. the decor is a kitschy mix of east asian, middle eastern, and, yes, mexican, and it really does remind you of...more
4	good location very close to staples centre and la live with loads of restaurants and bars nearby. a short walk to the metro with good connections especially to hollywood tourist area. room was basic but comfortable - arabic themed as with the rest of the...more
5	had some really cool parties here. room had a picture painted on the wall, that&#39;s about all i remember. food and drink seem to be well priced as well. would have been extra cool if they had a hookah/shisha bar.more
5	we are staying here until friday. this has been a wonderful experience! we were married here on monday. it was to be just us until a few friends found out. the owner of the hotel and his staff went above and beyond to make this...more
4	would definitely stay here again. loved the kooky ambience. right in downtown la. only 2 blocks from the metro. the gentleman who works reception in the evening is such a sweetie.more
5	my partner and i spent the weekend of 6/9 at the figueroa. we loved everything about the hotel. our room was huge, charmingly furnished and very clean. the bed was spacious and comfortable. there was some street noise but it died down about 11:00 pm....more
4	so the area around la live and the la convention centre is now dominated by a monster (and very posh) jw marriot/ritz-carlton. i&#39;ve stayed there and been very satisfied with it&#39;s efficient, super-new, albeit slightly anaemic atmosphere. and it&#39;s pricey.at around 50% of the...more
5	i&#39;ve covered e3 in los angeles as a writer for the past four years, staying in a different hotel in the area each time. the fig has always held a special place in my heart, primarily because of its amazing pool area and related bar....more
4	stayed here several nights on a business trip, attending the 2012 e3 show at the nearby staples center. though the building is old, the smallish rooms are clean and comfortable, even if the layouts are a bit offbeat (some had two very skinny but deep...more
4	if you dont like surprises&#39;&amp; admire umos single minded achievement then stick to chain store accomodation. the fig is a one off.more
5	we recently stayed four nights at the &quot;hotel fig,&quot; a charming hotel with spacious rooms and canopy beds. it is a wonderful location- within walking distance to the la convention center, original pantry and many restaurants, including yardhouse, flemings, trader vics and lawrys. we were...more
4	i love the figueroa hotel.  i think it&#39;s charming and exotic. this is an old los angeles hotel that has been ingeniously re-imaged on a limited budget. paint, fabric, lighting fixtures and furniture have been used to great affect, transforming the place into something very...more
4	my husband &amp; i were in town for a convention. i decided on figueroa hotel because it was not a business hotel.  i like funky but comfortable and that is just what we got.  it was also the closest to the la convention center. it...more
4	me and my wife just compleated a four night stay..and the longer we stayed the more we enjoyed this grand old hotel..the decor and ambiance of this hotel just grew on us!! the location is perfect, just a block or two from the la subway...we...more
5	i was a little nervous about choosing the figueroa hotel for a usc graduation/family reunion because i have a picky, business-traveling ex-husband who would be included -- and what i knew about the fig was that it was not like the chains that dominate business...more
5	i travel a great deal for business, and having great service combined with affordable rates is nearly unheard of! not at the figueroa - first, the location is perfect; whether on business or leisure you are close to all that downtown l.a. has to offer....more
5	we just spent our anniversary weekend at the figueroa hotel...and what a wonderful experience it was! the pictures online do not do this hotel justice...as soon as you see it you immediately feel the history associated with it! the decor is amazing...and everything is just...more
1	i was in la just for one night to see a play and to take care of some work business the following morning. they did not have an iron/ironing board in the room. when i called down for one, it was brought to me pretty...more
5	had a wonderful four day stay at &quot;la fig&quot; as it is known (and admired) locally. tom the exquisite service to the hospitality of the hotelier, it was a most enjoyable stay. the setting is tres chic in that uno thimansson is a most congenial...more
4	overall a pleasant experience and nice play to stay downtown.  the hotel has lots of charm missing from the sterile environment of a typical convention hotel.  however, some &quot;normal&quot; amenities were missing.  the price was excellent compared to the other alternatives.pros:excellent location near...more
4	i&#39;ve had the opportunity to stay at the figueroa twice now, while attending conferences, and i&#39;ll be there again this year.  it&#39;s got everything i hope for when going to a conference - good communication while setting up my stay, attentive folks at the counter,...more
5	we prefer hotels with a unique point of view - versus generic hotels like the marriott/holiday inn. and the ritz carletons of the world are out of our price range. so both the standard (which we stayed at for 5 days in dec) and the...more
5	great vibe, great atmosphere, the most uniquely decorated hotel, fun to stay in.  i love the figueroa hotel!  it’s so accommodating in so many ways, comfortable, very clean, good food, great prices.  to me, it is the best hotel in downtown la, at the very...more
4	i stayed here for six nights in march whilst attending a conference. the figueroa is ideally situated for downtown/la live and is better value than some of the newer, plusher hotels.  however, the shabby chic des sometimes leave a little to be desired such as...more
5	i was in l.a. over the weekend for my bridal party, all the staff at hotel figueroa was very pleasant and completely surpassed my expectations on how accommodating they were with us. will definitely stay here again and recommend to everyone. beautiful boutique hotel! loved...more
3	just got back after staying 2 days in this hotel with my daughter. i have to admit that i was a bit hesitant to go in the hotel seeing that it looked a bit shady from the outside but we didn&#39;t have much choice since...more
5	wonderful hotel. great value. less expensive is the ok but forgettable conference hotel i had originally planned to stay at. a wonderful experience and 1 of my best &quot;finds&quot; ever. perfect for art, architecture, or history lovers. so many guests were walking around taking pictures...more
4	i recently stayed here to participate in a conference. it not only had a really fun, unique bohemian feel, but it was only two blocks away from the convention center, and was one of the most affordable options in the area. it was clean, comfortable...more
4	a few years ago, when in los angeles, i walked by the hotel figueroa, stopped, and decided if ever back in la that&#39;s where i&#39;d stay. and it&#39;s even better than i imagined. the lobby&#39;s exotic décor and warm ambiance are at once welcoming; the...more
4	if you&#39;re looking for a modern aesthetic with a sterile atmosphere than this property won&#39;t make your bucket list. if, however, your hedonistic inner bohemian is pining for a truly unique lodging experience look no further. this well situated and historic hotel has had a...more
4	i travel almost weekly and stay at the typical business hotels and this was such a nice change.  the hotel has lots of character.  the sleeping room was clean and the bed was comfortable.  it&#39;s an older property so don&#39;t expect anything modern and fancy....more
4	i was tired of the same large hotel chains and decided to take my money elsewhere.  i saw the hotel figueroa across from the staples center and la live and decide to give it a try.  you walk in and go back in time into...more
5	i used to come to the figueroa hotel as a professional tour guide with groups for many years.  after i moved back to europe, i did not have the opportunity to visit until recently.  wow, the place has gotten only better.  if you are looking...more
5	this was a great change from the cookie cutter hotels. i go on vacation every year to new cities and watch hockey games. hotel fig was originally picked for being close to the venue, but it turns out it was a nice relaxing place to...more
5	since 87 i have been staying here.  i have  watched the hotel change as art is added or made on the walls, ceiling, doors, poolside or elsewhere in the hotel. i have stayed in grand rooms, and often tiny rooms, which made me enjoy the...more
5	others words that come to mind are romantic, intimate and fun.  the place is eye candy for people tired of sterile, cookie cutter hotels.  it&#39;s an exotic paradise without ever leaving the continental us .  the owner was hands on and available for a private...more
4	i used this a a safe place to relax and recover from disney and other studios   good relax and made friends
1	as a person that frequents hotels due to an international job, i have to say that the treatment i received in this one is by far the worst one.i placed my valued belongs in a drawer when i came the first day, and had...more
5	from check-in to check-out absolute great experienceunique and old hotel staff amazinggreat pool area for downtown areadefinitely stay here again close to everything, transportation,restruarants and staples center
4	i really liked this hotel, we had a great room. it was clean and comfortable. we also had brunch there and enjoyed this with the live music and pool. i did have a few friends also stay in different rooms and they did say their...more
4	first this hotel has the softest bed, this i miss about it. i looked forward always to get back and dive in. now about the moroccan / eritrean style ...lol... once i got over the initial shock of not walking into the usual traditional hotel...more
3	the night we stayed, the people in the room next door were yelling at each other and their child was crying. the noise really carried because the room had a connected door (that was locked, obviously) but the sound could be heard quite clearly from...more
5	the location is superber. across the street from staples center and la live. 5 min cab ride to spring street with even more bars and cafes.the rooms are nicely decorated with a moroccan flair.even the small rooms are large enough for 2 people....more
5	just today as the snow fell in vancouver, i found myself reminiscing fondly about this amazing place and my return trip to it over thanksgiving. this hotel has captured my imagination, and even in recollection, it takes my breath away. with so much attention to...more
5	my husband and i stayed here for the bob seger concert dec 28th 2011.  incredibly pleased at the choice we made to stay at the hotel figueroa.  it truley is like a big step back in time.  it&#39;s so cassablanca.  i was expecting indiana jones...more
3	ok, this is not a five star hotel and when you pull up in front you will think &quot;oh boy what did i do (no street appeal). this is an old hotel that goes way back and does have some history to it and charm....more
5	if you want your feet kissed. if you want your every need tended to. if you want wall to wall carpeting. if you want all the amenities that modern american hotels have to offer.... i suggest you look elsewhere.if what you want is a...more
1	i was going to this hotel for a convention and it is close to the convention center. upon check in they gave me a room that was terrably tiny. i decided i&#39;d see what other rooms they have the next room they gave me was...more
4	i have stayed here numerous times and really enjoy the place. but it is definitely not for everyone. if you like all the amenities, contemporary fixtures , lighting window treatments and audio video , look elsewhere. this place is forromantics who love experiencing uncommon...more
4	my partner and i stayed at the figueroa for two nights in late november 2011 while holidaying in california.the location of the hotel is excellent, and the price very reasonable.we chose the hotel because it looked very cool from the photos online, and...more
5	warning: this review is not only long overdue, it&#39;s also going to be long, period. and possibly florid. get some coffee and settle in.the figueroa hotel has been an incredibly important fixture in my life for many years. an oasis in the middle of...more
2	the pics online made it look cool and intriguing. it was anything but that. it was old, dark, and had a vibe of being in a 3rd world country. nothing was included- no coffee pot, no ironing board, no lampshade. you had to buy a...more
5	great vibe here. stopped in twice after work and met some decent folk each time. the night lighting and amazing cactus garden backed up the arabian nights theme.
5	my husband and i recently spent a weekend exploring downtown la and decided to make this hotel our home base. we couldn&#39;t have been happier. the hotel is so unique, you feel that you are staying in some old colonial hotel in north africa until...more
4	here&#39;s the deal--i&#39;ve never stayed at this hotel over night, but did go here for some down time after covering a usc-ucla game. you would never know this hotel is so nice judging by the hotel&#39;s stick-letter roof top sign. the lobby is old spanish...more
4	i stayed at this place many years ago and decided to revisit it for a recent trip to los angeles. the best way i can describe this hotel is that is an oasis in downtown la. you walk in and you&#39;re transported to a different...more
3	this property is right across the street from &quot;la live&quot;, which is a great location. it boasts a lovely pool/bar area, which is truly beautiful and romantic. the rooms are very tired, but still charmimg. the bathrooms could use some updating, especially the towels! they...more
2	front desk was poor, food was bad, hotel not clean enough. good was they have a parking lot.more
5	great hotel, moroccan theme. hotel is very old but kept up very well. beds are comfortable and hotel is clean. nice pool and bar area. staff was great. ale&#39; carte breakfast very reasonable. definitely would stay again.more
4	the figueroa in downtown los angeles boasts an incredible location!  it is nestled near to the staples centre, los angeles convention centre &amp; nokia theatre, and a short distance from downtown&#39;s noted museums and art galleries.  having never stayed downtown before, i was incredibly pleased...more
4	because of my husband&#39;s job, 99% of the time we end up staying in marriott properties when we travel. while i&#39;m not complaining, i love to find gems like this. we were at this hotel in july because some dear friends of ours from michigan...more
2	the issues with this hotel start at the front door, and ended when i checked out. it was clean, but the decor is very dark, and very outdated. the artwork on the wall of my room was not in good taste at all.the noise...more
5	my wife and i spent our anniversary at the figueroa hotel and enjoyed every minute of our stay.the lobby was gorgeously appointed with unique and ornate details bringing to mind a spanish-moroccan fantasy world.  the pool was a lush fountain filled paradise amazingly set...more
1	hotel is very old and nothing is updated, to include plumbing, electrical and overall construction. your room is cooled by a portable window air conditioner. as the father of the bride, footing the bill, i requested a copy of the &quot;signed contract&quot; to verify charges....more
5	once again my partner and i had to leave the heat of texas and go somewhere we felt at home. we went to the hotel figueroa and enjoyed ourselves as always in paradise.the feeling is of a bed and breakfast but on a larger scale....more
5	just got back from celebrating my daughters’ birthday in la at the figueroa hotel. we stayed for 6 days and it was all that i had imagined. the staff was extremely helpful, nice and accommodating. i&#39;ve been to la 5 times so far for work...more
5	my husband and i got married here. it was as if having a destination wedding with the convenience of getting married locally. uno helped us plan every step...from decor, food, beverage, even invitation suggestions. every detail came together to transport our guests to casablanca. after...more
5	amazing amazing amazing experience.....a very different concept....a blend of moroccan and indian style!uno the manager is too supportive and also the full staff !very centric (location)and everything that is restaurent, bars, and once of the best place for hang outs!will go...more
3	you will see the word quirky used in several ta reviews about this hotel. i didn&#39;t really get the meaning until i stayed there. it is a very old building in downtown la that has not been refurbished entirely, meaning the plumbing and lighting fixtures...more
5	i have stayed in almost all of the name hotels and hotel landmarks in la (bonaventure, beverley, hilton, biltmore etc..etc...), but the figueroa hotel is by far the most charming and unique place i&#39;ve stayed. its eclectic interior design is awe-inspiring as is its pool...more
5	the figueroa hotel is to hotels what martin denny is to music; each in its own way perfect but not necessarily to everyone&#39;s taste. the rigorous and highly sophisticated decorative scheme mixing moroccan, middle eastern and asian motifs is simply astonishing. i have never stayed...more
5	i think this hotel is a jewel in an oasis of boring hotels, and if you have taste for the best that the personal touch of an owner can give, then you have got to stay here. i have traveled all over and will recommend...more
2	i stayed at the figueroa hotel for business to attend the wpc microsoft convention from july 7th through the 15th.  i was excited to stay at the hotel because of their great webite and pictures.  however once i arrived at the hotel i was very...more
4	we arrived on june 30th for our 4 day vacation to anime expo. everyone at the fig, from our first contact with the woman at the desk, to meeting the owner himself, were all friendly and accommodating, making our trip to los angeles, and our...more
2	i had read other reviews before booking and thought it was worth the chance.    the decor is great and we found it very interesting and different.  i felt our room was satisfactory.  i did however have concerns with the lack of modern door locking features...more
1	t-h-e w-o-r-s-t experience i have ever had at a hotel. actually t-h-e w-o-r-s-t customer service experience i have ever had as well. simply horrible. the owner, who works in the hospitality industry, does not have the slightest inkling about hospitality. we had booked 2 suites...more
5	this was written after our second stay here.  this hotel is a delightful change from the &quot;cookie cutter&quot; solution so many hotels seem to try for.the building is an old ywca that has been transformed into a unique moroccan motif tourist hotel.  the lobby...more
5	it used to be that traveling meant experiencing something new--unique stays, foods, shopping. as our culture has become more and more homogenized, that seems to be less and less the case. the hotel fig is a great, notable exception. we stayed for two nights, and...more
5	this hotel is on the edge of downtown, so it isn&#39;t quite as convenient to most downtown sights as some of the other hotels, unless you&#39;re interested in l.a. live and the convention center, which are close by. it&#39;s hard to describe the beautiful and...more
4	i have stayed here on three separate occasions and have always been impressed with the decor.  it really is quite beautiful.  i went to stay at the biltmore two weeks ago and my male friend and i said &quot;we should have stayed at the figueroa&quot;....more
5	a beautiful, if small hotel. unless i looked up at the skyscrapers, i would have  thought i was in spain, not the middle of la.
4	attended a friend&#39;s bday party in hotel fig&#39;s outdoor morrocan style pool bar for the first time.  very impressive with location and the view of the surrounding l.a. skyline.  the mojitos were very good and strong, but heard the wine by the glass wasn&#39;t too...more
2	i&#39;ve traveled in developing countries. i&#39;m down with staying in not-top-notch places; i&#39;m still under 30. it&#39;s cool; sometimes that&#39;s what available, sometimes that&#39;s what the budget is. but this. dear me. some things are unacceptable as matters of health, safety, and security.in that...more
1	i recently spent 6 nights at this hotel, which was chosen for me by a convention booking agency.  i read the mxed reviews on this site with concern while still  trying to keep an open mind.  honestly, i&#39;ve stayed in far worse hotels and if...more
5	this hotel was relaxing, the bed was really comfortable, and i like it when i can open the windows.  loved all the decorations and plants around, an effort was made to be pleasing and colorful.  the staff was nice and helpful.  the pool area is...more
5	there&#39;s the biltmore, the standard, and for the rest of us looking to stay in downtown la, this affordable hotel with free computer access at the lobby desk and a bargain parking garage next door. the figueroa staff is all-knowing about the city or will...more
4	well, an absolute experience. from the unique and international entrance to the bathrooms, the pool, the restaurant and the rooms, this place is so different and unexpected. truly not your average place. memorable in every way. the decor is striking, and infinitely better, i think,...more
5	if you only frequent the chains and/or upscale hotels, you will find the figueroa to be a good bit different, not to say that is a bad thing.  the entire hotel is based on a morracan theme, dark and mysterious like a casbah, it is...more
1	dissapointed by the hotel, staff were unfriendly and did not make eye contact, very dim in reception and corridors not &quot;atmospheric&quot; but dark. asked for coffee mid morning and was given directions to starbucks! rooms were very noisy as no double glazing and thin glass...more
5	hotel fig was one of the best experiences i&#39;ve ever had at an hotel stay. in my work and as well as growing up, i&#39;ve had the pleasure and pain of experiencing hotel lodging very often. i not only visited the bar and courtyard/pool area......more
4	i loved how different the hotel was from the moment we stepped in.  it was funny though that we forgot how nice the amenities of a modern hotel are when we wondered where the &quot;ice machine&quot; was!  (there is none).  it was built in the...more
5	my husband took me to see devo at club nokia &amp; surpised me w/an overnight stay at the hotel figueroa. from the moment we stepped into the hotel, i was blown away w/the decor, loved the tapestries, lamps &amp; statues. we loved our suite, the...more
5	we had a great experience here. i love in l.a. and came back froma week long trip and just wanted a night out with the wife bar hoping in dtla. we got ready and went down to their pool side bar... there was an event...more
3	un, theatrical lobby from 1926. too many private parties accompanied by building shaking music. the room lacked the charm of  the lobby. very comfortable new bed. ask for a quiet room. front desk varied from very helpful to indifferent.
4	i booked a room on hotwire.com not knowing exactly what i would be getting myself into. i was completely and pleasantly surprised when i walked into the lobby of hotel figueroa. after being thoroughly underwhelmed by a 4star big name hotel the night before last,...more
5	as soon as my wife and i saw the description of a spanish architecture with morrocan interior we had to go there.  as you approach the hotel you might think it is just another plain hotel.  but as soon as you walk inside you find...more
4	glad we asked for a quiet room - we got 1202 on opposite side from the bar.liked the unusual decor, the friendly courteous staff, the pool, the bar, breakfast and fantastic location.think they should upgrade the electric wiring!they should alsoprovide bar and...more
5	this is the third year in a row that i&#39;ve stayed at the figueroa hotel while working at the nearby la times travel &amp; adventure show.  i discovered it while hunting for a downtown la hotel that was within walking distance for the travel show,...more
3	figueroa is a steal for l.a.  however, rooms are a bit noisy, some aspects feel cheap (towels) and the place is generally a bit creepy (very dimly lit hallways that seem to support the hypothesis that this place is haunted).  still, it&#39;s a total bargain.more
5	i went to la for business and had a fabulous time.  i usually travel with my family and circumstances had me alone this trip.  some of the reviews had me concerned but others had me intrigued.  i was pleasantly surprised by the  exotic decor it...more
5	have stayed here a number of times over the last 15+ years, and i’ve never written a review. i stayed here last in jan 2011. the fig never ceases to amaze me. this stylish, under-the-radar riad-of-a-hotel was at the forefront of the boutique hotel scene...more
5	hotel figueroa is a treasure in the heart of downtown la. i have usually opted to stay in boutique hotels near the ocean when vacationing in the la area. however, hotel figueroa’s moroccan motif gives me that same intimate warm feeling and charm as boutique...more
5	i am an international flight attendant and travel the world over. i stay in many hotels for work , most of them chain hotels. when i travel off the clock i try and find places which spark my creative and fantasy side. i have found...more
5	many who travel to la already know the (big name-hotel), and are probably not familiar with the surprisingly wonderfull,unique and exotic dowtown la hotel called figueroa hotel. this hotel will give you everything a traveler could want, from the staff friendliness to enjoyable and exotic...more
4	this charming, moroccan themed hotel is a welcome oasis in the concrete, steel and glass skyline of downtown la. with its exotic and unique decor it exudes charm and it has a relaxed ambience, made all the more soothing by the new age music which...more
4	i arrived at the hotel after a long journey from london  and was pleasantly surprised by the ambience of the place which you feel as you walk in off the street!yes the room was small - but hey - i was on my own...more
5	i have been coming and staying at hotel figueroa for the last 12 years.the hotel is a refreshing oasis from the rest of the concrete and glass jungle of la downtown. the rooms are tidy, the beds are comfy, and the decor is very...more
5	the figueroa hotel was a delight to experience!  i wanted a very reasonably priced hotel since i am in between jobs, and my wife is expecting a baby!  we loved the staff, the manager uno could not have been any nicer!  the room was exotic,...more
5	my wife and i like to take &quot;stay-cations&quot; in and around los angeles.  we&#39;ve been focusing on downtown l.a. because it&#39;s exploding.  in the middle of all the &quot;new&quot; is the figueroa hotel.  it really is an oasis...like walking into a time/culture warp.  eclectic, unique,...more
4	if you are interested in bridging the gap between a bed &amp; breakfast and the sterility of a chain hotel, look no further. the hotel figueroa will charm with you its lush colors, and history. there is a gorgeous patio by the pool that turns...more
1	seriously, if i had been paying $25 a night, i might not have been so aghast. from non-functioning lights in the bathroom and closet-like cubicle to total lack of amenities to noise to ancient furniture to dark, dark, dark faux-finished walls (and painted a/c unit)...more
4	i truly relaxed here.  walked to/from convention center each day and returned to their peaceful garden of calm.  not like every other cookie-cutter modern hotel.  i like them too, but for a change and a great price, choose the fig.  don&#39;t stay here if you...more
1	if you could go back in time about 80 years to a small, rundown, motel in the poorest town of mexico... hotel figueroa would be just that. here is a list of what you get when you stay at the hotel figueroa: no carpet, concrete...more
2	i stayed two nights at the fig recently; the hotel was selected by my company for its proximity to our event venue (club nokia/la live is literally right across the street) and low rates (i would have preferred to stay at the marriott/ritz carlton across...more
1	first of all you can&#39;t book directly from their website you have to request a reservation. i was given the name of this hotel by a friend who lives in la. i&#39;m going to la for my honeymoon in october so went through the normal...more
1	the worst hotel room i have ever stayed in.  they are trying to be funky and cool...turns out they&#39;re just funky and gross and creepy too.
1	i can count on one hand the number of times i&#39;ve checked into and out of a single hotel on the same day; this was one of them. they say the theme is moroccan, but as far as we could tell, the decor was pulled...more
4	just returned from the fig today, and absolutely loved it!  yes, it&#39;s old, but it is so charming, that if you expect things to be less &quot;modern&quot;, all is well!  i was entranced from the moment we passed through the gate from the parking lot....more
5	downtown la location is a great place to base out of, with metro system making hollywood and other areas easily, cheaply and safely accessible. this hotel did it differently. the ethnic decor was lovely, extending into the rooms and coupled with the lovely incense and...more
3	stayed here on recommendation of some friends who were attending same show at convention centre. it is located very well for walking to and from the la convention centre.probably great for weekend in la if attending a show or sports at staples center, but...more
4	i was attending a show at the la convention center. hotel figueroa was within walking distance and looked a bit funky, so i thought i would give it a go. glad i did. it is fun and funky.  moroccan theme with a cavernous entry and...more
1	old hotel, very eclectic, themish.  may greatly appeal to some.  i found the management extremely rude and the reservation process was terribly faulty.  the room rate was much higher than quoted and contracted.  overall, the room could have been fun if you like old world...more
4	if you want to stay in your average boring corporate hotel, stay away. there are lots of places for you.   but if you enjoy charismatic funkiness, this is your place. the staff was pleasant, the decor was fun, the room was nice, and the bed...more
1	i&#39;m really not one to write reviews but after staying here i felt like i couldn&#39;t pass the opportunity up.  i&#39;ve used trip advisor to find some fun hotels and stay away from some bad ones so i felt i should do my part.  we...more
4	my room was great, but i really lucked out compard to my colleagues. they complained that they had horrible rooms and it was nothing like the pictures we saw. on the other hand, my room was as beautiful as the lobby was. apparently, since they...more
4	i just returned from a 6 day stay at the figeroa.  it is a charming middle eastern styled hotel.  in short, i enjoyed my stay there.  the hotel is an old building with pretty much everything inside old as well.  the bathroom fixtures are old,...more
2	just got back from staying in la for 3 nights with my wife. the website for this hotel makes this place look amazing, but in reality the hotel is very old and the rooms/facilities are very dated. the only positive thing about this place is...more
1	small room, dark, dirty, no comfort, poor beds, shabby tiny bathroom, ragged towels. never again in this hotel..... website shows nice rooms, haven&#39;t seen these!
4	the charm of this hotel lies in it&#39;s ambiance. the moment we walked in the door, we felt like we had been transported to morocco, and we expected to see rick and ilsa at the bar with sam tickling the ivories. the room was enormous,...more
5	i have stayed in a number of different hotels in the us but never have i come across a place quite like the figueroa hotel in downtown los angeles. the hotel&#39;s website is informative and shows you exactly what you will get - a cool...more
3	the hotel is definitely overrated. the internet gives the impression of a very stylish hotel with strong arabic-moroccan flair. in reality the rooms are extremely small (at least my one is), it is all far away from being modern (the electricity leaves a lot to...more
4	i had been to the bar at the fig before so i knew already that i loved the atmosphere and decor the hotel has going on.  the show alias used this place as its morocco.when we were at the bar, the pool was calling...more
4	okay, the hotel is not an oasis like the website may suggest, but it is not a rat hole either.  it is a very old hotel in a very old building.  our room was very clean.  period.  the bed was very comfortable.  the tv had...more
4	i had booked the figueroa upon learning i would be attending a conference at the la convention center based on a positive experience i had there 10 years prior. right before i left, i looked at the reviews and became very concerned. what had i...more
5	i&#39;ve stayed at a lot of fabulous hotels throughout southern california &amp; enjoyed being pampered at some of la&#39;s ultimate luxury stays but if you want something that will truly make you feel you landed in some exotic, far away place.... figueroa hotel!! smack in...more
4	the historic figueroa (fig-you-roar-ah) hotel in downtown los angeles, california.my roommate chose this hotel for herself, my daughter and me because of it being the closest walking distance (about 2-3 blocks) to the l.a. convention center (we attended the 2008 screenwriter&#39;s expo).  she also...more
4	first off, i am sorry i read the negative reviews on this site...they really frightened me.  when my husband surprised me with this trip i looked here for a heads-up to the hotel to see the amenities.  we were going to the staples center and...more
1	ok well where to start hotel figueroa is most definatly a tourist trap unless your going to a convention or a concert or something in the general facility your stuck in the middle of no where unless you want to dish out $100 dollars a...more
5	we had a fabulous time at the fig. the decore is colourful, eclectic and original. no plastic sameness in this hotel.the place has a really interesting history and great vibe. the bed was very comfortable and the bath in the casablanca suite was the biggest...more
4	do you like clinical, predictable, have-a-nice-day hotels? well, thank goodness not everyone does because the figueroa is a treat for the brave.it definitely has seen better times, i wish they would light the rooms so you can see the color - but it&#39;s not...more
4	i loved this hotel.  i was 5 months pregnant at the time and by myself.............it was perfect.  old...yes.............but beautiful .  great breakfast, great service and the rooms were entirely comfortable.  i recommend it highly for the traveler who wants something unique, safe and engaging.  i...more
1	this is not an exagerration. avoid the figueroa hotel at all costs at all future events. i did not always believe the horror stories about this hotel until we checked in. i had thought that this would be a one star-motel 6 type of motel....more
3	when i found out that i was staying at the hotel figueroa to attend a conference, i started looking at these reviews. based on what is written here, i was truly not looking forward to my stay there. i was attending the nbta (national business...more
1	the website is very deceiving.  online the hotel looks beautiful, but then you walk into your guest room... scary.  there is no alarm clock, very limited tv channels, the box spring sits on the floor with 2 mattresses above it.  the a/c unit is in...more
1	on a scale from one to ten, with ten being comparable to staying in a cardboard box on the sidewalk and 1 being comparable to staying at the ritz carlton, i would rate this hotel at a 9.5. the rooms were loud, poorly ventilated and...more
4	if you are looking for a sweet hotel that has loads of character, stay here.  if you require all the modern amenities of a brand new or completely redone hotel property, stay somewhere else.  i had an excellent three-night stay at the fig and felt...more
1	i was booked in the &quot;fig&quot; for a convention, so i had no say in the reservation.  it is very convenient to the convention center-within walking distance.  and that is all that can be said on a positive note.  the hotel does not have central...more
3	staying in downtown la can be expensive and hotel figueroa fit our budget.  seemingly the hotel is trying to look like an old spanish hacienda.  the issue is that it needs a makeover. the walls are damaged, the floors don&#39;t look nice at all.  the...more
2	we stayed for two nights in this hotel, we were looking for a reasonable hotel in downtown la, and that it is. we were disappointed on many fronts, there was some kind of party when we arrived and the music was super loud, and the...more
1	pictures say more than words.filthy, holes in walls, worn out carpets, bad as in terrible paint job everywhere, the lingering smell of cheap alcohol and vomit in this sweltering unkept old establishment. tacky is an understatement. pool party so loud impossible to get any...more
4	hotel figueroa has character and ideally located in la.  the hotel has old world charm and the staff if friendly and there to assist when needed.  we were here for 3 days prior to a 15 day cruise and picked well.  i would, however, suggest...more
4	to this hotel i come specially to the nhl game la kings vs. carolina harricanes at staples center. the hotel is an old building, small rooms, but with charm.  in the hotel everything was ok. free wi fi. good breakfast. and the main thing -...more
1	i am going to make this short and simple!  do not stay at this hotel!  this is dirty and the inspectors should come because this is a dirty and nasty hotel to stay in!1.  room -- plain floor, not carpeted.  lots of cracks in...more
4	i stayed at the figueroa hotel for 5 nights while i was in la for the awhonn annual convention. the location couldn&#39;t have been more convenient for the la convention center. i found the hotel to be charming, quirky, and a bit funky. the decor...more
1	i stayed in this hotel from june 14th to 19th. room 227 for a convention.i have been charged 184 $ per night for a room that should be charge at less than 100$.when i was trying to unplug my computer, i unfortunately broke...more
1	when we arrived at the figueroa hotel we were amazed by it&#39;s interior, a realy nice decoration and nice warm colours. but we soon got disappointed when we met the staff. they were the unfriendliest people we have met during our trip through the usa....more
1	i am fresh from a figueroa hotel stay of one week. i braved it only because we were attending a nursing convention and everything else was booked early on. it is convenient to the convention center(truly comfortable walking distance) and to the pantry, a great...more
2	i had read several reviews regarding the rudeness of the hotel employees, but decided to chance it anyways.  everything began smoothly.... however through the course of my stay i discovered that the the towel hook in the bathroom was not actually attached to the wall,...more
4	i booked this hotel before i read some rather negative reviews, so i was a bit nervous about what i was in store.i had no problems at all. althought the staff is not friendly, i didn&#39;t find them rude either. just, well, indifferent. i...more
1	heed the reviews of this hotel that comment on the terrible services. they are not lying. i&#39;ve stayed at shabby hotels in third world countries that i thoroughly enjoyed because of the excellent service. the figueroa would be a nice hotel, were it not for...more
4	the hotel figueroa is not your average hotel, but very unique in its own right.  the lobby area was very exotic with huge chairs and small coffee tables for casual conversation.  we had a quick dinner that was not too impressive because of the extremely...more
1	i didn&#39;t stay here but i visited a friend who did. both times we had terrible experiences with the staff. we are the kind of people who don&#39;t take initial rudeness personally -anyone can be having a bad day- and respond cordially. both times we...more
3	the lobby was amazing in this hotel.  i was not really impressed with the room.  i am not sure what room is in the pictures on the website but it was not the standard queen room. it was ok for one night but i wouldn&#39;t...more
5	i heard about this place either on t.v. or reading &#39;travel &amp; leisure&#39; or &#39;conde naste traverler&#39; magazines and it sounded incredible.  living in los angeles ourselves (my wife and i), we don&#39;t get too many opportunities to stay in hotels in the city.  but...more
1	the hotel is absolutely beautiful, i will give them that much, but they have the worst customer service i have ever experienced! i have stayed at many many hotels over the years, i travel alot. well i dyed my hair a week before my stay,...more
4	i was going to a conference at staples center and wanted a hotel within walking distance.  hotel figueroa came up and i read frommer&#39;s review, which was good.   i booked a room with the owner, uno.  very pleasant and helpful.   i then read some very...more
5	the hotel figueroa is not your average hotel. it is not &quot;above average&quot;, but is best described as &quot;unique&quot;. the lobby area was very exotic. great place with comfy chairs to talk to others and chill out after a long day. ala-carte breakfast was pretty...more
1	we stayed at this horrible establishment over the past weekend and the things we had encountered with the staff are just beyond me. can you believe that you have to pay for coffee in the morning? me either! oh by the way, don&#39;t even think...more
1	what a joke! booked this hotel because we attended the pac 10 men&#39;s basketball tournament and wanted to be close to the staples center. other than it&#39;s close proximity to the staples, i have absolutely nothing good to report on this hotel. the hotel is...more
2	this hotel was interesting, but really pretty sub-par, i stayed here with my mum and sister, we wanted somewhere affordable in la which it certainly was. it felt dirty (like most of la) though and we were glad to leave. the hotel bar is nice,...more
3	the rating for this very unique property is difficult. although i rated it neutral/average i have to add that i have stayed at that hotel many many times. i booked my tour groups there for probably 10 years and the germans loved it, but so...more
1	i must agree with a previous review about the staff being rude. my husband and i were sitting havinf a drink with some friends in the bar, which is at the back of the hotel near the pool. a wedding was taking place in a...more
2	i&#39;m a travel agent that lives/works in l.a.  from time to time, my company will give us agents a free night or two at a local hotel, just so that we can tell our clients that we&#39;ve been there and know all about it.  i&#39;ve...more
4	my cousin got married here in oct. and based on the reviews, i was expecting a dive.  i was pleasantly surprised.  the rooms are very modest, but clean and functional.  window ac units and limited cable, but good beds and a small refrigerator in each...more
4	i stay at the figueroa whenever i am in la. it is truly charming and each room has a sense of character unlike the sterile tedium of your average regular hotel. the bar is always full of interesting people, the staff if friendly and helpful...more
3	i live in los angeles, but was stationed at the figueroa for a recent convention. (funnily enough, i think this is the first la hotel i&#39;ve stayed in!) i&#39;m amazed by the spectrum of reviews this place received on this site and have to say...more
1	my husband had an event at the convention center, and we thought it would be good to have the convenience of the proximity of this hotel.  we both agree, it would have been far better to find another hotel and rent a car or take...more
2	the figueroa hotel has an excellent location and a wonderfully exotic decor, especially in the lobby. however, there are significant problems with the hotel, the most significant being the fact that the management has a habit of lying to customers. when i made the reservation...more
1	arrived and thought it was a beautiful setting. got to my room and realized i&#39;d paid for motel 6!! bare rooms with absolutely no amenities. i arrived late in the evening so decided to go down and grab a bite to eat. the cafeteria style...more
1	this hotel was less than appropriate.  the rooms only had single beds, so spouses have to sleep separately!!  no cable tv.  manager was really rude when tryng to resolve an issue.  fire alarms in the room we were in was covered with plastic, so if...more
3	i stayed at the figueroa hotel l.a. in feb. this year with a group. i found the hotel a bit special. first, the hotel is very! dark. the lobby and the dining rooms are so dark that you can hardly see what you step on...more
1	i would dissuade everyone from staying at this hotel. your reservations will not be secure, as the owner has a complete disregard for client service. to make matters worse, while you attempt to discuss why your reservations have be dishonored, you will have to put...more
1	here is a copy of the email i sent the management.  it is a shame that a chic hotel like the figueroa can be ruined by a flippant, standoffish, rude manager.  and if you have kids definately stay clear of this hotel as it is...more
2	i stayed here for one night (3/30) on a business trip to la.  the moroccan lobby decor and pool bar are very nice.  i didn&#39;t have any problems with the front desk staff -i asked for a different room after looking at the one i...more
1	we recently stayed at the figueroa hotel and were really looking forward to it. sadly, we have to enthusiastically concur with other reviewers who called the staff rude. for us, it was mostly the owner, an older french man--i won&#39;t say gentleman--who actually threw two...more
1	it doesn&#39;t matter that  the hotel was a fair value in terms of price, as anything moderately positive i might be able to say about the place is overshadowed by the fact that the staff and service was among the worst in the industry.  i...more
1	rude is too nice a word for this place.  their b.o. has attitude!  notice they don&#39;t list their prices on their web site, and that maybe one or two rooms look are nice.
4	i stayed at the hotel fig for 5 nights for a conference at the la convention center. it&#39;s super convenient and only took me 10 minutes or so to walk to my conference. the hotel is very charming with old spanish/moroccan decor. lots of handmade...more
4	this is a really great budget hotel.  the common areas (lobby, pool, bar etc) are really inviting and relaxing (and i got good service from the front desk).  my room was small, but with a huge bathroom; my friend (who had checked in earlier the...more
4	after being totally disappointed with the omni downtown (overpriced, bland/tasteless room, distant from the convention center, ridiculous $24/night parking), my friends and i found welcomed refuge at the figueroa for the rest of our stay. taking a recommendation from my friend&#39;s la guide book, we...more
1	i have never encountered more rude staff in all my travels. too long of a story to go into, but the rudeness left my boyfriend and i speechless and bitter taste in our mouths for an otherwise lovely hotel. beautiful pool bar. but for the...more
1	with all the complaints on here about how rude the staff is, you&#39;d think they&#39;d make a change.  no such luck.  after a lovely stay at the biltmore we decided to stop by the figueroa to see the rooms, and check out the bar since...more
4	this is a great property, very european exotic.... distant feeling in a big city.  the atmosphere in the lobby and pool area at night has a sensuality to it and our room was great, too.   the hotel is old, yet current, because of the styling...more
5	stayed for only a few nights, but it will leave a fond memory of la.  the hotel was a feast for the eyes.  my room was both elegant and comfortable  -  something proud to entertain, or tempting to just laze about in.  the ground floor...more
3	more
3	
4	first of all i want to say that just walking into the front door completly sends your inhibitions to a distent land.the ombiance is totally casablanca.to imagine yourself casted away in some foreign distant land with all the creatue comforts is like a snapping...more
5	more
4	okay, this is not your everyday westin, hyatt, or other big name hotel chain, but it is a pretty cool place. the unusually decorated lobby is very nice, the bar &amp; pool area surrounded by vegetation create a very nice atmosphere for an evening drink....more
1	the manager, uno was quite rude and condesending.  the rate we were quoted was not a discount ($99 per night) as told for guests of &quot;the bride and groom wedding party&quot;.  this is the rate that quote any john doe that calls in.  they should...more
2	more
5	
1	if dimly lit rooms, crumbling plaster, sticky floors and worn through beds are your thing, then the figueroa is the hotel for you. the hotel markets the rooms as “moroccan”, which they interpret as license to splash the walls with red paint, to add zebra...more
3	i read the reviews before i stayed there, so i was skeptical but i&#39;ve always been interested  in this place.  since i needed to be down town for a near by concert, i decided this was the time to try it for one night.  that...more
2	the staff was nice and helpful upon arrival. the lobby of this hotel is really unique and beautiful, but once you board the elevator and exit floor 8 you are in a different world entirely. the dimly lit and desolate floor is reminiscent to a...more
3	we stayed here one night whilst we were exploring some of downtown la and this is an ideal location. for the price it&#39;s a good value hotel however, the rooms are maybe a little dated and the area was noisey at times during the night....more
1	i&#39;ve stayed in design hotels and i&#39;ve stayed in hotels with character. this place fails on both counts. i&#39;ve been in hostels that look like this. poorly maintained, terrible section of town, and the combination of workmen and homeless in the lobby really did me...more
4	more
5	more
1	more
4	more
5	
5	more
4	more
4	more
4	more
1	more
3	more
1	more
1	more
1	more
4	more
2	more
1	more
1	more
4	more
5	it is always fun to experience something out of the ordinary.  the &quot;locals&quot; restaurant or bar that can only be found in one place on earth.  in this case, it is the hotel figueroa just a short walk from the los angeles convention center, staples...more
5	i&#39;ve stayed in many hotels in the past four years and i have to say this one has been by far, my favorite. i stayed here in 2015, during my first time in la. the hotel itself was so fun to explore, art and beautiful...more
5	we stayed here during our first time in la and were fascinated by how everything was within walking distance. only a couple steps away from the staples center which allow my daughter to attend a concert she had been looking forward to for a while...more
2	i stayed at this hotel in 1972 and it reeked of hollywood and i loved it. it was hardly an upmarket hotel but i had very fond memories. the staff were fantastic and i still remember the elderly bellboy, the lady in the gift shop...more
3	this place is really apartments which also serve as a hotel which means no lobby, restaurant, convenience area, nothing. i have been given one towel and a broken coffee maker. my view in building a is of a parking lot. it is next door to...more
4	a great location in downtown la! the front desk staff are incredibly friendly and helpful. we stayed in a deluxe double room which was really comfy and nicely decorated. the bathroom was neat and clean. if you happen to stay when there is a pool...more
3	the pics on the website are a little decieving.  from the photos, i expected the hotel to be much more luxurious and layered with turkish decor and opulence. i expected to feel like i was in a palace in istanbul or something.  wrong.  its got...more
4	i arrived very early (about 10am) after a flight from australia (with practically no sleep)...i knew check in wasn&#39;t til 4pm, but thought i&#39;d drop my luggage and take a chance with getting a room early. i was greeted by andrew daly, who told me...more
4	an excellent value for downtown la. this place has history and charm. it is quaint at its best and location is good. however, it is dated and the decor is straight out of a junk store (california&#39;s version of an &quot;antique&quot; shop).  the room was...more
3	i was on the second floor of this interesting hotel, and some a/c above mine was dripping onto the metal housing of my unit.  plink...plink...plink...all...night....i moved the next day.  but it&#39;s i suppose an ok property.more
3	looked for a local spot to stay in downtown la for the night due to an event. when i started looking prices were very high, so looked at the figueroa. older historic hotel and said why not great location right next to la live. checked...more
3	i struggled with how many stars to give! on the upside: funky decor, great breakfast restaurant, excellent downtown/convention center/la live location, very nice and helpful front desk staff, massive tv, very comfortable bed. on the downside: only one outlet in the room (there was a...more
1	i booked moroccan studio suite through hotels.com. the price was affordable and the reviews were not that bad. my friend and i checked in passed midnight and i called to let them know that we&#39;ll be late in advance. the valet parking was $30. when...more
3	the hotel figueroa has a unique, moroccan-themed decor. if you like &#39;different&#39; you might like this hotel. if you like cookie-cutter, chain hotels, don&#39;t even think about hotel figueroa. the hotel is quite dark. dark can be atmospheric, but it also can be annoying. my...more
4	good hotel. very centrally located. we reach a lot later than our scheduled check in time hence our actual room was given to someone else. however on request we were moved to a much larger room with a good view. the staff at front desk...more
4	hotel figueroa is in a very convenient, very central location in los angeles. the hotel is decorated in a vaguely kitsch faux-moroccan style complete with paintwork apparently completed by young schoolkids. that&#39;s not a criticism: it all adds to the hotel&#39;s slightly ramshackle charm.upon...more
2	i was in an un or maybe never renovated room. very small; drains in tub and sink plugged up. ac barely functioning.  hallway so dark one needed a flashlight.on the plus side, the staff at the registration desk were friendly and helpful and the...more
4	the hotel is beautiful and historic.  the bar and pool area are lovely.  the room we stayed in was large and spacious.  the bathroom a bit small but functional with nice towels and toiletries.  the pool area becomes a nightclub after 10 pm.  music blared...more
4	i&#39;ve stayed here twice and it&#39;s uneven.  the first time i had a great room, no problems and just laissez faire service.  the second time the room was considerably smaller and plainer, the elevator broke, the ac broke, and there was only hot water in...more
5	great hotel with super friendly reception staff. went out of their way to recommend dining, transport and shopping optionsice available from bar.nice pool area - just need to beware of sunday night adult only noisy &#39;party&#39;!close to la live, lots of eateries,...more
4	i was staying at a king size bed room.pros:location: its a super one, right in downtown la; near to metro ; very near to good restaurants and near to hollywood boulevard.cleanliness : decent enough. the room was cleaned up nicely each day,...more
3	the hotel is right next to staples center so it&#39;s very convenient. the hotel is very unique and charming. i love the lobby, bar and pool area. but that is where the love stays as the rooms are tiny...barely big enough for a king bed...more
4	according to the los angeles times, &quot;the 12-story hotel figueroa opened in 1926 as &quot;an exclusive women&#39;s hostelry,&quot; according to a times article, which noted how it was &quot;financed, built and operated by and for femininity.&quot; (april 23, 2015).it was also highlighted that hotel...more
3	this 1930’s botero (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fernando_botero) inspired hotel is inviting and a step into the past.  the spanish art deco decor, walls and tile floors create a relaxing, serene aura contrasting the bustling la lifestyle.  the front desk staff attitude was friendly and they were always eager...more
1	i booked this hotel thinking it was a place with a little charm based on reviews and the website.  it was old and dark. rooms use an actual key and the door was so tight you had to put a shoulder into it to open...more
4	me and a friend had been travelling down the californian coast for a couple of weeks and we happened upon this place online while we were in la. we needed a place to stay and were a bit worse for wear. this hotel was clean,...more
3	let me start by saying that my expectations for a hotel are very minimal. i am a student on a budget but i am cuban and my top top top and mostly only expectation is cleanness.  my boyfriend and i stayed only for a night...more
5	my friend and i stayed here this weekend for a girls getaway and are so glad we did! a short 20 min drive from the airport and located in the heart of downtown la, this hotel is ideal for a memorable getaway. we were in...more
3	the lobby and pool area are nice. the hotel has a north african theme. everything was clean and well kept.  the room i had was small, the bed was very comfortable.  bathroom was small.this hotel is in one of the busiest parts of downtown la.traffic...more
5	i stayed here for two nights and chose hotel figueroa mainly because my usual go-to, marriott la live, was full...and i&#39;m really glad! what a fun change from the sleek glass and steel of the marriott (which i also really like). from the moment we...more
2	+ beautiful decoration and theme.+ bar area was nice.+ staff was fairly helpful.- parking expensive.- poor soundproof to the street.- ac was really old and loud.- lot of homeless around the hotel.more
5	great throwback hotel that has cool art and nice rooms. the location is right in downtown near a bunch of fun bars and restaurants as well as staples center. everything is walking distance. we&#39;ll probably stay here again next time.
5	we have stayed here several times now, at first because of the history and exquisite art and culture. then we realized how central it is to so many great spots in la. but now, best of all we are enjoying the food, entertainment and service...more
4	centrally located within walking or brief uber ride to restaurants, market, art decco inspired buildings. we loved it!  themed rooms with bathroom, dressing area with sink, closet, excellent cleaning service with a smile. there for a get together with friends we made use of having...more
4	where to stay in la is a perplexing question. we needed a place to crash in la for two nights only. it needed to be comfortable and reasonably central to the tourist areas. the hotel figueroa was a great choice. our room was small but...more
5	truly enjoyed this hotel! everything about from the entrance to the hotel rooms simply feels like your taken back to a different place. truly a gem in los angeles! also one of the few hotel that still utilizes keys for their rooms.. how awesome is...more
4	so i stayed here from july 31th to august 3 for kcon and i loved it.  the hotel is adorable and odd but in a cute and different way. i stayed in a double twin room and it was prefect for two close friends. we...more
1	unfortunately couldn&#39;t book any hotel because very high season of conference. poor standard room don&#39;t stay long. just drop by one or two days due to nearby downtown. it you have a car, don&#39;t stay here.more
4	if you&#39;re looking for a standard corporate hotel with the look and feel that comes with it, then you will hate this place. it is not a hyatt or a hilton. but it is a fun boutique hotel with its only flavor. the rooms are...more
4	we stayed a for a weekend, and enjoyed the stay. the pool area is nice. on sunday it turned into a huge pool party which was fun for what it was, although i was really looking for a relaxing swim. saturday by the pool was...more
1	play as a cool maroccan hotel downtown los angelesthe room i was in ( 1211) was super small and disgusting!!mould allover the wallold smelly carpeta/c next to the bed that do not allowed to sleep without getting sickthe worst..no sink...more
1	i checked into this hotel last minute with my 17 year old daughter who thought it looked fun and different.  when we got to our room we were actually scared.  the smell of pot in hallway was overwhelming.  once inside the room i couldn&#39;t believe...more
1	the room was too small for my party although i was assured all 5 of us would comfortably fit. i inadvertently left two shirts in a closet. when i called to get them back i was cut off twice and have received no return calls...more
4	not your typical sterile corporate hotel. this place has character, the people are nice and it has a general good vibe.like my grandmothers house- its clean, comfortable, historic, and has some creepy spaces. (the good creepy like when you were a kid)i&#39;m not from...more
3	i stayed here for two nights on my trip on the west coast. the staff was friendly, offering us a complimentary drink at the bar, since our rooms weren&#39;t ready when we arrived.the lobby area looks fantastic, with a middle easter or north african...more
5	the newly remodeled hotel figueroa beckons you from the street: you can dinehere, entering from either the lobby or on figueroa and experience the atmopshericmagic without having to spend the night.  there is a lovely lobby for meetingand eating : breakfast lunch...more
5	the updated hotel figueroa - wowthe refresh is just spectacular.  open and bright during the day. we were there on their 2nd day, so still a few slight kinks to work out.  la live, convention centre, metro trains, 110 &amp; 10 freeways all close...more
5	i mean the new design is soooo greatlove this hotel, well most of it.if you enjoy old building, stop by and take a look.the entrance is kinda morrocan-ish. but ya like joel said walk in and keep walking until you get to...more
4	stayed here for one night, the rooms are not modern but have almost an edwardian feel to them, still nice rooms though.  nice pool area and resturant, but only downside was they wanted everyone out the pool by 1900hrs, which was a shame but they...more
5	it is always fun to experience something out of the ordinary.  the &quot;locals&quot; restaurant or bar that can only be found in one place on earth.  in this case, it is the hotel figueroa just a short walk from the los angeles convention center, staples...more
